AGENT: Thank you for choosing City. This is Kristen can I have your name please. 

CLIENT: I I I don't notice about my Citibank card, no food no longer going to pay today. 

AGENT: I'm sorry, can you please double check on that letter man, I'm by the way while you're looking at it can you also provide the security work for the account which could be your mother's maiden name. Alright, thank you for that information on that letter that you received. 

CLIENT: Yeah uh-huh. 

AGENT: And then let you know what I what it is exactly say. 

CLIENT: Read it to you as soon as I can okay. 

AGENT: Yes Mass. 

CLIENT: As July 16th 2016. Hey pass will no longer be available on your new. 

AGENT: Okay, well and I believe I can answer that for you right away. So just to let you know miss you paid pass, it's one of the feature available on your MasterCard are not on your MasterCard only but all of the mastercards before so be passed as one of the payment options. You know how the calls usually work right. It's I did you swipe it. Alright, if it in the terminal for paying for your paying for to stop see want to buy a underscore right. 

CLIENT: Right uh-huh. 

AGENT: Alright, so people is that one of the message up receive a payment as well. So aside, I mean, it's bad to swiping or do you think that they're I dipping be a card and it's a remote. If you have a beep, I was unable to him and I'll Dan you still just have a card leave it there for like one to two or two to three seconds and after that regarding zero so that's a feature that Master card will no longer be supporting because as you can see maam you're not aware that is included on your card and it's actually not really familiar. We have a lot of customers calling in about that letter that they received it. They were not also for me other with the help if I switch. 

CLIENT: What is that again, I I didn't understand anything. What you say, you know, I know that no longer paying dividends and I have but we place a new one, but I saw advertising that I get paid when I make a payment and then I said pay also for those charges. 

AGENT: Misuse or not to worry. Nothing will be changed on your card. You will still get the dip it in cash back, which is 1% of your purchase. As again, we pass, it's only a feature of a calling square and. 

CLIENT: It's also, you know that where you go and with the chip right. 

AGENT: You have right now is it the way that you have. 

CLIENT: No, I don't have a Doctor to. 

AGENT: Okay, well, you know how the card is usually being used on the store is for being so. 

CLIENT: Right yes uh-huh. 

AGENT: Okay, so maam again be a pass, yes, a feature off the card to where and instead of just wiping. Oh, they will do the card and up a pass any bill terminal. 

CLIENT: I see what happened if the store doesn't have that type. 

AGENT: Well, it's okay, they can still swipe the card and moving forward to seeing the space last will no longer be working you don't need to worry because it's will not affect your card. You can still use the card that you have it will not change or interval not stop working. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, well right now. I know I have a lot of and the David and can you send me a different check. 

AGENT: Well, let's see it's shows here that you have 1030 you have already earned $3.01 as a dividend cash back. So if you'd like I can send you the amount you'll be requesting for how much with me maam. 

CLIENT: How about I guess even I was 100. 

AGENT: So 100 and we can send you a check with you your name on it. I'll go ahead hundred dollars to get it over with. 

CLIENT: Alright great. 

AGENT: I no problem please verify your mailing address. Thank you. For that information maam expect to receive the check within five to seven business day. 

CLIENT: Okay, as long as nothing is changed. I was just I won't I won't worry because I looking at this is. Thank you said wait a minute I've been customer a long time. 

AGENT: Yeah, you don't need to worry maam. You can just disregard that letter that I got it's will not affect her card and I still be usable. 

CLIENT: Where that in the future? What I did I knew when I get my new card would that have a chip on it. 

AGENT: Well, yes, maam if you'd like I can work on sending your replacement with it with a chip on it. Alright. 

CLIENT: Great that would be good. So because a lot of places right now. Okay. I when I buy something they say, oh, I can't charge you and I so what do you mean, I can charge this is a car. So I think you some some I didn't use it because I did don't have a chip on it. I was oh, okay, well. Now? I just use another different card to. 

AGENT: I don't understand so. 

CLIENT: Thank you. 

AGENT: I'll be processing your request in here and I. 

CLIENT: It's all righty. 

AGENT: Please bear with me. 

CLIENT: A comp. Yeah, can I get a confirmation number by any chance. 

AGENT: Well, no converter mail, let me check. So let's see what the options that we have well. I can send you a confirmation as a text message to your cellphone. Number so what's your cellphone number maam. Alright, thank you and you'll receive the confirmation there but instead of four hours and I have a good news for you you receive a new card with a chip in it within five to seven business days. 

CLIENT: Great. Okay sounds good. Thank you. 

AGENT: Not a problem anything else. 

CLIENT: That's it. Okay. Alright, you have my phone is ringing I get I get that. 

AGENT: I think if I let him and assist you have a good day. 

|100011 
