AGENT: City customer service. My name is Sunday houck and I hope you. 

CLIENT: Hi, there. I just made a payment and I paid my my new balance which was 12736, but I I heard something about of another balance and I just want to make sure I heard you correctly. 

AGENT: I'll find out to you maam and I take your card number. 

CLIENT: Mike, the and be the last. 

AGENT: And you have to complete the card number. 

CLIENT: Let me look if you want. 

AGENT: Take your time. 

CLIENT: I don't think I have the card with me I don't. 

AGENT: I don't know so, I mean, I think his social. Yeah, take your complete social. 

CLIENT: Sure and. 

AGENT: Thank you for the details on may. I get your complete name on this. Thank you for your name is that and you. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: So the social do not provide me any records, I mean. 

CLIENT: Yes, okay, but that's the card is under Martin, but one way that my husband. 

AGENT: So with this information I do have some open electives. 

CLIENT: I know I I didn't say that I. 

AGENT: It's 54537 I don't. Take your name please the name of the Prime D card member. Thank you and how can a City help you maam. 

CLIENT: What is the balance on my card because I thought when I was making the payment. It said that we had a current balance of 800 and something which I don't know how that's possible. So I wanted to. 

AGENT: Let me find out to you. 

CLIENT: Thank you. 

AGENT: Yeah welcome my pleasure. Matic the security word on the account that could be your ideal place to vacation. Thank you miss well and a lot of the name of the bank, which you preferably used to make payments to you Citi card. 

CLIENT: Wells Fargo. 

AGENT: Thank you for all the details. Alright, so now I have the excess you see if the simplicity card and I see that you have been using this called for more than two years with an excellent payment history. If I was to have a customer like man. Thank you. Total balance on the account is $721.18 and I don't know what your last. 

CLIENT: With charges are on there cause it's far as I know, I don't know of any charges. 

AGENT: Let me give you the information what the charges are for so. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: You're welcome. I'm so that is after your last bill was printed on June the sixth 2016 and it is a balance from that and. 

CLIENT: No it's now, I'm having a hard time hearing you. I'm sorry you need to speak up a little bit louder. 

AGENT: Your last one was trying to pay the balance and it shows me. There's only one charge and that is for the associated auto and on call Vena. 

CLIENT: Okay, and how much was that for? 

AGENT: That was $721.18. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, that's right. Okay. 

AGENT: That's a big you know it's. 

CLIENT: And that's the only charge. 

AGENT: Cause that's the only charge off of your bill is printed and I just wanted to like the sort of more days seven shops. 

CLIENT: Yes, okay. Alright, thank you so much. I appreciate that I do remember now. Okay. Alright, then thank you. 

AGENT: You're welcome my pleasure serving you and I hope you had experience with City has been good so far. Thank you maam. Thank you for your feedback on for calling Citi. You have a good day. 

CLIENT: Thank you you too bye. 

AGENT: Thank you bye bye. 

|100005 
