AGENT: Thank you for calling for the online support. My name is Agnes may I get your name. 

CLIENT: My name is. 

AGENT: Thank you, how are you doing today Ms. 

CLIENT: I'm good how are you. 

AGENT: I am good. Thank you for asking and I'll consider your help and. 

CLIENT: I just got my card in the mail and I want to activate it on line and my information wasn't matching up. So I called and I activated but now I'm trying to do that online access like to you know get myself an account online. 

AGENT: And it's telling me that my information as of now. 

CLIENT: I think so I my phone's like registered with something wrong. I don't know maybe a foot I birth in wrong or something I'm not sure. 

AGENT: I'm sorry about all that but I'm sure let me a very quickly pull up the account and verify and then I will try again. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: And could you please verify the security words on your accounts. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, I have no idea and it's just. 

AGENT: Yeah let me give me a hand to the question. We have is your childhood, Nick name starts with the letter. Alright, perfect and how do you spell. 

CLIENT: I don't how do I spell at the end. 

AGENT: Alright, thank you. I just wanna make sure that we have the correct still um, alright and them could you please verify the three numbers on the back of your car and. 

CLIENT: It's. 

AGENT: Okay looks like you'll have hold of the card I put down. 

CLIENT: So my job, I mean. 

AGENT: That's about it that's it. I just haven't because of my insulin kind of look alike. So if you actually in Florida for the okay. So I do show that the account is registered. Okay. So your ID is you must register the card when you applied for the card. So so I show you the same the registration. Okay, and the user ID is your user ID. Please? If you had a password. Yeah, I have a look to council would you like to give it a try. 

CLIENT: Log in yeah, I will need to. 

AGENT: Yeah, yeah, give it a try to log in with the password you have to. 

CLIENT: Thanks. Yeah looks like it's working. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. Alright, perfect. So are you able to log in. 

CLIENT: I don't know there's. 

AGENT: What is the base you a shout? 

CLIENT: No, I thought I was logged in but now it's got signs on the 10th. So you just. 

AGENT: Did you I mean after you put in the user ID and password when you click on sign on the do you show your account or you do you get some kind of a page to verify you are thinking. 

CLIENT: The pop up and said 3230 question for my feelers like, you know, I'm all set. 

AGENT: Yeah. Okay, yes, I'll for the security of the account like I mentioned before you must have read this read had at the time of the application for somehow the question was not set up. Okay. So you know what I click on grade security questions and 63 questions make you read to read at least four characters without and you're repeating characters and then you'll be you have the registration will be complete it. So I can a little lengthy if you wanted to get time and I'm sort of questions. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay all right. Hey. Okay, it looks like I mean, I I do have another question. I was sure it is okay. So when I applied I wanted to do a bill and transfer. 

AGENT: If you get. 

CLIENT: It's says pending so is there like if I had a week to the card to be active for it to go through is that what. 

AGENT: Let's see here is the current balance went through was made on the 24th and today. Oh, yeah, because it takes about 14 days for the balance transferred to be effective from the date you become members. So let me check give me one second. Okay sure for 21. Um today is to 50. Okay. Today's the fifth 60 have to have the balance transfer um and so you will the balance transfers should be posted on the account. I had the 13 or 14 so you could get that so you might wanna wait to Alice what I get those it because it's still pending and the balance transfer it's not to get affected. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, perfect. Yeah, I was trying to make sure. 

AGENT: You have to at the end is Duran anything else. I can help you with. 

CLIENT: Nope, that's it. 

AGENT: Alright, perfect. Thank you very much for choosing City for your finances and if you need any assistance you can call us we're available 247 to take care and have a beautiful after. 

CLIENT: Thank you, you too you're very welcome bye bye. 

|100003 
