AGENT: Welcome to City customer service. My name is Aimee how can I help you today. 

CLIENT: Hi, I need the last two years of interest paid on my Citi card account from my accountant. 

AGENT: You said the total amount of interest to bed last two years right. 

CLIENT: Last two years. 

AGENT: Okay, let me quickly able to that information up and I'll be out about this. Okay. So what I'll do I'll tell you the interest paid at the end of both of the year. Okay. 

CLIENT: Oh, yeah, well I need to I need the actual amounts and I need it on like an email. So I can email it to. 

AGENT: I have may not be able to send you an email about it because or what I can do I can send you the the statement for that month that December month, very and you will have all the information about the whatever amount of fee and then interest you have paid across that here. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, I'm here. 

AGENT: Okay, please David mean I like I like to go out and send it to you man. I know your name as it appears on it do it and Lord Master card please. Thank you so much and how are you doing today. 

CLIENT: Oh pretty good. 

AGENT: Sometimes let me go if you wanna. 

CLIENT: I just had brain surgery so today's a good day, bye has not been the home. So I don't know. Yeah back to where he is and I will get back together. 

AGENT: As well. I hope everything really good way to go go to sign on to your surgery everything we to go find out a paper due. Hair man, I know your security will it on the account. It's as well it's starting to. 

CLIENT: What is I'm sorry, what did you want? 

AGENT: It's Jessica me, I have no security or. 

CLIENT: Supposed to security words the number. 

AGENT: Thank you. 

CLIENT: Going. 

AGENT: And yes. Hi, I have your account information pulled up in front of me and I see go to live any others who out here a valid customer. We really appreciate your business. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm seeing is. Pay it off. 

AGENT: I'm going to. 

CLIENT: I'm going on a trip and over to my sister's. So, I mean, I was no not directly but. Another card number by chance. 

AGENT: No worries. So, I'll send you the statement for December 2015 and. 

CLIENT: And that tells me the all of the amount. 

AGENT: Absolutely. 

CLIENT: And if you change your. Last through the 15th. 

AGENT: Absolutely. 

CLIENT: And then how about the one for now you can return. 

AGENT: Yeah, 2014, I would also send it to you. 

CLIENT: Yeah have the email. Okay, um, if you're Rich, you know, whether I've paid for this half of this year. 

AGENT: Yeah, I have a that ordered the statement and I was I tell you about it. Okay. And can you help me buddy, fi and your address please. Thank you. Yeah that. 

CLIENT: I you an email in the meantime. 

AGENT: No I have send the main to like that on your regular made at it for lease like do you lease the statement within 10 to 14 days. Okay. 

CLIENT: Oh no I needed to be safe a whole different opinions as of today. 

AGENT: Sorry maam, but you know, I'd be able to see it today. 

CLIENT: I don't know if this is true December estate where you still have. Oh my goodness now he needs cause I pulled up on the computer. 

AGENT: Absolutely absolutely you can. 

CLIENT: Hello, can can you tell me now. 

AGENT: I get it. Yeah, if I if you want I can go ahead and get you connected to a line group is and date it. 

CLIENT: What is your website is W W? 

AGENT: I do. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I just don't know if I log in. 

AGENT: So what do you like me to go ahead and get you connected to our line to present data. Okay, just a moment and do that for you. And here, I'll go if you go ahead and add up with you in the queue and you will be connected. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: Thank you, please stay with me. 
|100002 
