AGENT: Asking here for the money, that's been feel how may help you. 

CLIENT: Yes, so I wanted to find out more about I just got the email about the offer on my card to 3047 for the reduced interest rate to ship until March to 17. 

AGENT: Sure, I'll be happy to help you with that maam may I have your credit card not supposed to be. Look at credit card number. 

CLIENT: It is and the last four numbers and I don't have it in front of me. 

AGENT: It's fucking I can pull up your account in front of me you either give me your social security number or I registered for number whichever you want to give me your for name. And this is 060 tank you preferred accounts. 15. Thank you a preferred account. Thank you. I want to be sure we're pulling up the right account so if you don't have the complete number it's supposed to do the verification me. I know you're I do you need for vacation itself. It's something if you like to visit, I'd like the last question what is the name of the bank made to meet you have your checking account. Okay. Let see what all for you have received iPhones explain you what the offer is about and then if you want to get and talk about it for that promotion. So let's see here, it's 1.99% interest on new porch. Good on till March 12017. Basically what I would do you both and if you would be a cost to you and order for this fall for you Dorothy the standard a Pr that you have on the account interest rate would be 1.99% and that's productive March March of next year. 

CLIENT: Yeah. That's why I'm calling I thought it sounded issue. I don't get it yes. 

AGENT: Sure, maam, I'll be happy to enroll to put this I just need to read to import and set of details for you. If you have any questions please ask for me. Okay. Thank you. The promotion for you to 1.99% is valid. It. I just watch want to 17 or did you want to do this after the promotion a Pdf any I need to promotion that balance from this all for the middle be charged the static porches of the eighth you are going to be 13.24% and this is a Pr everybody that the market based on the Prime this also it would be activated immediately on your account only and it's made with you today as the entity moment receive this 1700. I have a droid before this offer right. Now do you have any other questions for me today. 

CLIENT: I know when I do want to patients there was what how much is how much the right so 13047. 

AGENT: Sure, I'll get the statement balance is 300 the way to do it on this $2.87. And then I'll submit a charge it's made on the account. Do you think the new charges the total balance as of today comes up. That's good. So I'm yes, it's $478.87. 

CLIENT: So that's for today. I mean, that's you know. 

AGENT: I don't think the statement balance it includes everything. 

CLIENT: Okay. Now, I'd like to me today. I won't I won't have to have a I don't do phone you can until August right. 

AGENT: All right. 

CLIENT: Then go ahead and. Play a 500. 

AGENT: Thank you maam. Let's go ahead and take the payment here. 

CLIENT: I'm saying a little overnight it right right. 

AGENT: Right, I was lied to see if it's and I was me if it does I can definitely take the 500 on the payment for you you can I did submit that request for us. You know, what is the last four digits. So if you check the account number well, say, I was Fargo bank. How does your name appear on the check? 

CLIENT: Thought the same. 

AGENT: Beautiful. I'm so, sorry go ahead maam and please we have gone ahead and we were able to take the 500 on the payment for you. Okay, please record the statement that the checkbook registry, but not me and let me check to no changes, correct and consultation. It's can be done? This payment will be posted for today's the eighth possibly update it back to us after the next business day. I do have a confirmation number for you would you like to know what to tell. 

CLIENT: You know that you're I don't have a email. 

AGENT: Okay, sure you want to your email and I'll do that. Yeah want to email address to your thank you maam. I sent you the email confirmation of the payment and I understand you had to me on to be desist it for a long time Phyllis Heisler that we had actually exceeded six have a call. It's real sense of you David definitely will if you want that has both take care of that. I want to do something it is so small you since we don't want you to be upset as good a necessity, I would like to 1000. Thank you points towards your tank you live or how does that sound to you. 

CLIENT: Thank you. Yeah, it was 49. 

AGENT: Yeah, sorry maam, I do understand you definitely try to you know take it off that as soon as possible to be active in the process right now, but it was definitely take care of that. So you don't have the problem again, so be able to click that and yes for the tag 2.5 you should be seeing that updated and two to three business days on your side your attention and it also up yours. I did next approved. So you know. 

CLIENT: 401 is. No we're doing a for you. I cover the 28th of July right. 

AGENT: Yes, maam, it does take care of the entire bill. It's more than what you want to do a City you have to you and August 20. 

CLIENT: Great. Okay. Now one more I don't want to Sean Hughes and one more 205. 

AGENT: Okay, H and the first it's not. Okay is that card and your name are you the primary. 

CLIENT: And what would you? 

AGENT: I don't know you get this number. 

CLIENT: What is over $400? 

AGENT: Okay, we don't have that particular account right now that me but I could try to look at the account for you maybe this number to be not the primary number listed on that account. So let me check something you have. What could be the number my boss of the number you have given me listed on the other account. 

CLIENT: What what what. 

AGENT: I need either your card number the primary card holder social security number or is just your phone number get a P the last four digits for me. The last four digits of the credit card number. Thank you. Let me try to look you can. Okay. It's not in your name. It's under that this and 20 or something. Okay are you able to pull up the account for security. Also if you are a City tag heuer MasterCard. I need to ask you a verification what is the fee. If it's not off the primary card when you go and the name of the bank with that you have your checking account this up. Okay, and Sean my my not have access to the tag your account ending with 05. I didn't know the details about the balance sure and the balance as of today on this call is $475.83 give me a credit for to like 20 are you looking to make a payment. 

CLIENT: Yeah let's do the the let's make it and you 7580. Whatever that is 7583. 

AGENT: Clean. 

CLIENT: I make it's be clear, I don't care. 

AGENT: Okay sure. 

CLIENT: $76 or whatever $76. 

AGENT: $76 even for the payment maam. We have to ask you one more additional questions for me or out the checking account number please. 

CLIENT: So you want. 

AGENT: We need to complete a checking account number and routing number. Thank you and is. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: Thank you. 30, then we had to you for the complete detail you as the authorized user on the content of the part of verification. Okay. How doesn't need here on the check? 

CLIENT: But that's my name is. 

AGENT: Okay, thanks. Okay. So that's time, please record a fee that that the checkbook registry to North me. Let me check back no changes correction cancellations can be done. The people $76 will be taken to the funds are available to you the next business day. I have a confirmation number maam, would you like to get the email. 

CLIENT: And I. 

AGENT: Shawna back to you know re, and yes, do you have any other questions on the Park your account ending with you don't have to talk to your mom on the other account is on this account is now I see this product. Did you talk you points because you would have to you I will go ahead and add 1000. Thank you. Please talk to Scott as best as a Goodwill gesture how does that. 

CLIENT: I'll do you say, yes, and that's very nice. 

AGENT: Thank you, probably would definitely love to do that. I just put this up without it would take like two to three business days to update on your pro active orders. I need to go to come up on your next bill as a pulse is there anything that I could do for you so much. 

CLIENT: Know if that's it then and thanks for making you know. 

AGENT: Makes. 

CLIENT: Yeah, thanks and I haven't I don't do nothing till the fall of this right because I'm doing is yeah, yeah, okay. 

AGENT: I did not I do understand thank you so much and you have a lot of this is how. 

CLIENT: Thank you you too. Thank you. 

AGENT: Okay, thank. 

CLIENT: Bye bye. 

|100007 
