CLIENT: I really. 

AGENT: Give a call to customer support to Florida on my name is. 

CLIENT: To call me. 

AGENT: I have your first and last name as it appears on your card. Let me go ahead and try to access your account. 

CLIENT: Okay, we have two accounts and that's the problem. I'm trying to link them so I can sign on once and see both cards. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, not a problem. Can I have your and I? 

CLIENT: That was the problem. I thought I knew it and I got but they got him on the phone we had either one seem to come up right. I have no idea. 

AGENT: Gonna build me. 

CLIENT: Him or something. 

AGENT: To somebody today. 

CLIENT: No idea a pet that this call. Okay. Alright that's that's why okay. 

AGENT: Has that this is okay? 

CLIENT: So I thought he walked in may so I originally set up to Universal card with City years ago. I guess he did which is why there's a problem and he put one sign on his log on ID, which is me and then I just activated my City Costco card and use my name as the user ID. I just want to put them together somehow. 

AGENT: Okay, so I don't use R a D if you want. 

CLIENT: Use his of yours use mine cause I'm going to guys on the paper. 

AGENT: Okay, let me go ahead and get into your cost gonna come out. 

CLIENT: Yeah, the Costco one I had set up and that seems to be working. But then when I went into the other one the universal card from 18 T and try to change is it's Jana changed it. But then when I sign on I can't get on to that card on the. 

AGENT: Okay, so um and your account you have a getting rid of the accounts. 

CLIENT: We if we can you know find some I hope I need to change all that security stuff. I'll be happy to see just to make it the same. I I don't really care. It's just kind of and this is the phone on concept. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. Give me one second I'm gonna go ahead and I don't know. 

CLIENT: We have any want to do to make to security info I'm happy. Just use that cause I always use your name for. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. 

CLIENT: Security, but if but if it's last name is gonna cost and fees because Monday I'm gonna forget when I get to see him. 

AGENT: The house so. 

CLIENT: Oh, let me think I was talk I guess, I should give you her last name and a real last. 

AGENT: Okay, so 901-0000 for you start when you start okay. And you said you. Okay. So what happened was your Pasco account got delayed it. And I you to go and then why did it still not. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. 

AGENT: A call on Monday, I was on or something else that was different. I fly and it didn't update with your name is that had me under your husband's. I'm trying to go back to that again. 

CLIENT: Yes, technically D card wasn't the universal card is officially was his account and on the second card, but we want to link them because it's just too confusing and and Allen could you give me a. 

AGENT: Okay. Give me one second cause. 

CLIENT: I keep pushing me back too. 

AGENT: Um, yeah, I was that happened and what she's authorized user. So, I don't give me a copy pay do it again. 

CLIENT: Thank you. 

AGENT: 392-2034 so not not that I mean I exit out of this. 

CLIENT: When? 

AGENT: So it's. 

CLIENT: But I don't know. Okay. 

AGENT: Well, let's try that. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, and you said your user ID was. Okay. So you know, if I'd like the car just got a. But my. 

CLIENT: On my billing. 

AGENT: Is use our data? 

CLIENT: Yeah. That's what he never goes in there. Anyway, I'm not one of those all billing. 

AGENT: 1926. Six, what kind of see. Do you have your husband 18th a universal card with you. 

CLIENT: I have mine, but they're all the same number. 

AGENT: They all the phone number is the same if if I have to. 

CLIENT: On your 18 T a car is it yours. Yeah could be a product could be the problem. Yesterday. 

AGENT: Hey, I was okay for us they're not home. 

CLIENT: That's in the right. 

AGENT: Okay, so are you logged on to your account. 

CLIENT: Right now, I am signed into the one that shows the cost of the card. 

AGENT: Okay, do you see where it says profiling settings. 

CLIENT: Yes, okay, I and what should I do. 

AGENT: It after you hit the profile settings button on there. That it should say used to see my settings. 

CLIENT: Right. 

AGENT: Okay, and then further down you should see a link in on lates. 

CLIENT: Elaine again on my credit card cool. Oh, okay with the account and zero for mation account type is another credit card and so that I can to process you know, I want to link da Versa card in there. Okay. The last two. Six. So that's had to see what happens. 

AGENT: You put your card. Okay, the car and the car that it doesn't matter. Okay. So now. 

CLIENT: Else, I have account enter your account information. Okay. Okay and. Okay. So information does not match our records because you're at my husband. Hun. 

AGENT: And I. 

CLIENT: He was just walking right I'm sorry. Can try I'm trying I came in and said cause you not like me to. Okay. Conflicting information, you entered does not match our records. Doesn't make sense. 

AGENT: You putting his card and bring on. 

CLIENT: I think. That's what I signed up in new York so I try okay his main. I missed 174 is his social H P. To keep coming back to any information doesn't match and that is AT&T card number and he and the main holder. 

AGENT: What I'm gonna do is do your Cv back to set that you told me doesn't match what's on the computer and and I wanted to see if it was gonna let you know. 

CLIENT: You wanna try doing it with yours and see that's very interesting. 

AGENT: Yeah, it is and the only way I can give you got information's. If I send you out another card. 

CLIENT: My daughter's like to I want to say I don't have the same. 

AGENT: Well, if you can contact her and and. 

CLIENT: It's and then I'll have to check it if I can't reach. 

AGENT: Right now sir, yeah, but there as far as I'm so used to get a current. I had to what's the last four digits. What's the last four digits of your card number. 

CLIENT: C three. Yes, yes, and what I'm seeing on the screen when you another card to this is drive the cost so. 

AGENT: I have a date. I'm sorry I couldn't. 

CLIENT: It's. Yes, yes. 

AGENT: Okay, this is. 

CLIENT: And that's the account information on the. 

AGENT: Now it's so it's showing on. 

CLIENT: So it's asking you for the information on the account information number I'm showing there is the 86627. 

AGENT: Beg Pardon. 

CLIENT: Soon very top of this is that the amount of credit card accounts is if you drive Savannah said to get two of the cost and the last was need to get Sam is another thought the same, it's that's at the moment it's. Stu my husband's car. Seven number make sure I got the whole. Okay, so what a blank account. It's and that's a tentative. It's a consul business card to create a separate test. So if I so I could credit card account to let you know nothing like huge Julie's to let you know that actually hoping to find there. It's hard to find my five minutes of my sign on and. It's so I don't understand why this is I'm gonna try one more time is it. It's. Yeah, they said the credit card you and do it is not eligible for linking. 

AGENT: Yeah, so it's probably not gonna be eligible. If it's I'm trying to see if I can make it online, but it's not letting me do it there. So, yeah, it's probably. 

CLIENT: Okay will be the best wines this and you tell me because the other problem. I have now is I can't get Matty eight, please give me a call I. 

AGENT: You know, yeah use ID for it or anything. 

CLIENT: It's if one is. And then I went. 

AGENT: It's the same if the phone menu gave me a. 

CLIENT: Okay. This moment is not. 

AGENT: I don't know not that we're not that we're not that one give me to to do yard. Her Friday. Can you verify your last four of your you verify your husband's last four so I oh, okay user ID. 

CLIENT: That's really changed at the end of the message that so how do I do that I. 

AGENT: Maam, you sound you sound very far away for us. Hi. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I don't know top of my cellphone is I don't need to get the leak. 

AGENT: Alright and. 

CLIENT: Okay. Alright, so here is week. I tried to I like to the kaska SAS. Steve Universal card, not and you said. 

AGENT: You still sound far away, I mean. 

CLIENT: Starting to see if I can get in that way cause then I can change. 

AGENT: If I have to X. 

CLIENT: Okay, so that is now working to have a questions. If I obviously made a mistake when I. 

AGENT: That is the when the kaska right. 

CLIENT: Can I have the same one? 

AGENT: For both though now one of the characters would have to be. 

CLIENT: Okay, that's gonna cause a seizure. Alright, then is there a way for you to change the 18 T back to my husband's name the way it was before because I'm never gonna remember all of our cars are under his name on my name or user ID. 

AGENT: Yes. 

CLIENT: Okay, but are you able to. 

AGENT: Change it one more time when you get like I don't when you get logged into but I didn't see your account go to profile. And I will try. 

CLIENT: Okay, I'll do that and just give up on the other and thank you. 

AGENT: So much you're welcome is there anything else I. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. 

|100004 
