AGENT: Welcome to customers for Florida. My name is Christina. I can I please have your name. I'm sorry, can you repeat yes maam. Thank you. And I see that you're calling about your dividend world card today and how may help you. 

CLIENT: Well, I was calling because I was having problems getting online. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. And are you trying to log in and it's just not letting you get any further. 

CLIENT: Well, I clicked that I forgot my password my user ID. 

AGENT: No it. 

CLIENT: Trying to reach sports and then instead, I exceeded the number cause it came up with some crazy question that I don't know what the answer to that is because my yeah and this is happening so anyway. 

AGENT: Was it a security weren't a security question? 

CLIENT: To curie question. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: And I think she has now said that I have exceeded the allowable number of attempts to sign up and I'm attempting to sign on. 

AGENT: What is C three, digit code on the back of your card. Okay, and what's the last four of your social. Okay. I'm gonna go ahead and reset the account. And you'll remember those security questions ever answering them or you just don't remember them. 

CLIENT: Well, I I think I remember most of them, but that one just caught me off guard because like I said it asks for a nickname for someone that doesn't happen to me. So I put in their full names. If you can like that so I put it in okay. 

AGENT: Let's let's go ahead and try again. If if you wanted to that problem again is going to go ahead and reset your security questions. I don't know have to answer new ones. Okay. 

CLIENT: Alright, so I so I can go ahead and type in the forgot user ID or password. 

AGENT: Yes go ahead and select that. And then it's gonna ask you for you 16, digit account number you see that. 

CLIENT: Yes, but I'm having to put that in for us and asked for that first and the email address. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: And then that's when it asked for the security question. 

AGENT: Okay, that might be a security. We're gonna take security question of security word. 

CLIENT: Okay, oh, okay. It's still saying you have exceeded the number of the allowable number to sign on. 

AGENT: So if you can you can. Alright, I'm gonna have to go ahead and reset those. Okay. So let's sign out of their refresh your page. And tell me when you get back to refresh the home page. Okay. 

CLIENT: Debbie Debbie Debbie that even that. I'm on gas. 

AGENT: Okay, and then go ahead and select, I forgot user ID or password. 

CLIENT: And then Rice is the card number I was. Numbers in my head. 

AGENT: So what is it asking is it asking for the same stuff. 

CLIENT: It's still saying the same thing. 

AGENT: If you get to that security work question. 

CLIENT: Nope we did not. 

AGENT: And where are you now. 

CLIENT: Let's see you a credit car. Trying to see what. 

AGENT: Okay are you looking for the log on screen is that you're looking for. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: Okay, if you don't find it and you can go to Citi cards.com. 

CLIENT: That's what I just and I'll come stuff. Basically the Citigroup page or whatever. 

AGENT: And if you don't see like that sign on box, maybe you'll see where is says secure site. Now I like a little tab at the top. 

CLIENT: Still says you've exceeded the allowable number I can. 

AGENT: Okay is there an error message of a code number. 

CLIENT: Know cause you have exceeded the number of times. 

AGENT: And you said you are answering the security questions correct. 

CLIENT: Yes, I was I. 

AGENT: So we're gonna go ahead student to go ahead and. Delete account user ID and then we register your card. Okay. 

CLIENT: To do that last month and. 

AGENT: Yeah, I it would last want to answer any questions as well. 

CLIENT: Know last last for I was out. 

AGENT: Okay, let me go ahead and do that. Let's go back onto if you know log on screen and go to the register button. Hi, you there now? 

CLIENT: I am. 

AGENT: Okay. Great so go ahead and select the credit card account tight and then put that 16, digit number there. I know you at that screen worth asking you to put your name and. 

CLIENT: No it's taking forever. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. 

CLIENT: Well, I just. Last. And then it's just great for a law what is. 

AGENT: What kind of browser are you using? 

CLIENT: Safari. 

AGENT: All right and your laptop or desktop. Yeah, this is I just the browser some time to try to clear out the cookies and cache on the browser does it bring you to the next screen. 

CLIENT: Not you know, it's you can see that I thinking and doing. 

AGENT: I mean, you know and sometimes it's just the Wifi as well you know. 

CLIENT: Yeah. That's what I was thinking cause I was I'm tempted to use and saw the computer, but it's still connected to Wifi. So it's like I was it's all depending upon. 

AGENT: How was it how is it going that was it? 

CLIENT: I'm changing it's if you have a computer. Oh, yeah computers doing it better. 

AGENT: Alright, let me know when you get to the Citi cards.com the home page. Are you at? 

CLIENT: It's asking me to enter my identification codes me and I. 

AGENT: I don't I usually selection. 

CLIENT: Yeah asked them to send it to my cellphone which. 

AGENT: I just ask. 

CLIENT: Putting it in now cause if this is almost Byron 10 minutes. It went right, it's and before I. Select from security for. 

AGENT: Oh and where are you what. 

CLIENT: I mean for the security. 

AGENT: Why might ask you complete that you should be able to see your account. 

CLIENT: And they're all done. 

AGENT: No I am on. 

CLIENT: Alright now I can go ahead and make a payment that was due yesterday. 

AGENT: Oh well. Thank you for calling Citi was there anything else. I can help you out with. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I I think I'm. 

AGENT: Right well you have a wonderful day enjoy. Do the same thanks? I have a man. 

CLIENT: I am okay. 

AGENT: Thank you wasn't sure if you needed something. Okay, you're welcome. 

|100006 
