CLIENT: And thank you. 

AGENT: It's woken City. My name is Crystal how may I help you with I don't know I don't know. Hello, yes, yes, can you put. 

CLIENT: Your phone number I'm hard of hearing and I'm in a hotel, so I dance even making it worse. My name. I've been the card holder years for 20 years. I need a supervisor man. I need a customer supervisor. I have a problem. 

AGENT: May, I know your concerns are. 

CLIENT: And then. 

AGENT: Oh man, I know your concerns. Know closer. Hello, I don't hear you maam. Oh, I don't know. Hello. Can you hear me maam? 

CLIENT: Yes, sir, I don't know I don't hear you. Okay and you. 

AGENT: Put your phone number. Please yes, I can you hear me now. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, I'm hearing you a little better. 

AGENT: Use it in the. 

CLIENT: Can you give me a supervisor? 

AGENT: Before that and may I know your concerns are. Your concern. 

CLIENT: Can you contact me with a supervisor? 

AGENT: Hello, sir. Hello, yes, sir. I do need to help for the supervisor for online support do you want. 

CLIENT: I have a problem man. I need a supervisor to talk to. 

AGENT: Time you give me a super. 

CLIENT: Advisor. 

AGENT: Yes, or no, yes, sir. I will go ahead and get your call is connected to one of the supervisor Wiser, but before that to me. I know I you need a supervisor for online help. Alright, you need a supervisor for customer service. What do you need? 

CLIENT: Is for me right now? Do you need my credit? 

AGENT: No, I never no sir. I'm just saying that you need a supervisor for online codes or do you need a supervisor for a customer support customer customer care. I have a customer care at. 

CLIENT: I'm not able to speak to a supervisor maam, yes or no. 

AGENT: Alright, so just hold the line for two minutes. I've get your call is connected to one of the supervisor here. 

CLIENT: Can you get me one please? 

AGENT: Yes, oh sure definitely and I hold on yes sir. 

CLIENT: You have your courtesy. 

AGENT: It's nine. Thank you for staying on the line. My name is put the account on the supervisor of course, bill how are you doing today. 

CLIENT: Yes, it's R U it's hard for me to understand I'm hard hard of hearing and I I my name is your name please. 

AGENT: My name is Kathy. 

CLIENT: Can you spell it please? 

AGENT: Sure, it's P as in Paul, Paul, alright, and you know P as in Peter. 

CLIENT: P O P E R. 

AGENT: Are as in Alpha? 

CLIENT: If you are a. 

AGENT: T as in Tango. 

CLIENT: Peter know leva Ps and do you have something. 

AGENT: E as in Echo. 

CLIENT: When you second my brightness just give my wife is your name. 

AGENT: Yes, you are. Hello, my name is Ruth. What is your is please? Hi, my name is Kathy comes a supervisor because this call may be recorded for quality and training purposes. All right and what it to spell your name for me. Please sure it's P as in Papa R as in Romeo, K R I S and as in Alpha, yes T as in Tango. 

CLIENT: TV or do you have something to thank you. Okay. 

AGENT: Yeah isn't that cool. 

CLIENT: So again you alright call me or 830 yes and I call yes. 

AGENT: Yes, and I called again, K as in kilo. 

CLIENT: P isn't pat well. 

AGENT: No, K as in kilo parking. 

CLIENT: Are 18, huh yea? Yeah. The last the last is K as in kilo. Okay. Yeah, that's right. I T is that how you pronounce I think that's that's right you got it. Alright and alright, my husband will be on the phone hold on yes and this your pet take. 

AGENT: Yes, sir. Okay, and it's a pet take my name is I'll give you my credit card number if you need to have so I had and I had a very powerful experience yesterday and they remodeled and and Marilyn. 

CLIENT: We checked into Eva Martin and that was made. 

AGENT: Couple weeks before. 

CLIENT: And I'm gonna ask your unpacking Lisa found out that the phone is not working. 

AGENT: So when the came over and said it will be happy to move you. 

CLIENT: Them is we had a pack everything up. 

AGENT: For one night. I said look I have to call us to make and they can for me, you know put it through my room and I was putting on the candy calls are I don't expect any cards. Okay so. 

CLIENT: And we went out. 

AGENT: Believe it or not the toilet is not working um hun and that was at 1030 quarter of 11 at night. No water threatening no water in the tank. 

CLIENT: Can't the tour of it? I mean, it was a horrible horrible experience. 

AGENT: I having I had a wake up call at eight o'clock added 25 Astor eight. I walked into the office and I said where was my make a call. 

CLIENT: Well, they didn't have a record of it and that yeah. 

AGENT: She's on her way to have a call. Nobody nobody called me nobody call detail. Okay. So I told the girl do this I am not paying for this night. Hi Jen, I'm going to call my I mean, I know actually I had it on my credit card and I said I'm going to call my credit card people and I'm going to let them work to help me because this is ridiculous. I I stayed there 78 times. I would never stay there again, but I I called the moderates to speak to a customer service. I can't get through for whatever reason maybe is to go to the holiday at but I was not able to get through so I figured let me call you now. 

CLIENT: Speak with you and see if there's anything. 

AGENT: And or whatever you might be able to do I'm not trying to be a nuisance to you I didn't I mean sim card customer over 100 and many many years scherzer so with this I can do is since you told me about the awful experience that you have a demand and what I can do is I can dispute this charge for you since you have already made the payment with them. 

CLIENT: Well, I know alternative because she had a credit card number that's agree. I agree. So I'm going. 

AGENT: With him and then then she said well, we'll we'll give you 10% off so instead of that the bills events and the lien was. The bill eventually was with the tax or without to tax. 

CLIENT: And you know. 

AGENT: It is a whole thing was $104.41. 

CLIENT: And then she supposedly. 

AGENT: I did to me about $1015. I came down to 8555. Okay, and and it's 8555 is what she is in charge you charged me. Sent this is I mean, it's you know one thing and and not that I don't worry about to speak and telephone from when you can even touch it tomorrow at nine and then she does they don't even give you wake up. Thank God. My rights card. You have I think you have to you're gonna try to go to the bathroom. So if you went to the room and she said to me. 

CLIENT: It's to take quarter of a maybe we should just get up. I said we're on the wake up call Brent. Alright will get up we got a started getting dressed eight o'clock Friday after 10. After course, nothing happened at all that's when I started into the into the. Okay, so your own their own vibe well. How can I say Pakistan or Indian type of people. I mean in the in the gym and that it's a legit mine and but I mean, you know many of the hotels we stay at the owners are you know Indian or Pakistan the debtor whether wonderful people why this is happening has nothing to do with who owns it and see I was there is there is they're not. I mean the places starting I have a feeling to that is starting to to be torn down and beat. It's it's it's getting me that the phone doesn't work. I mean the Doctor didn't have an emergency you have to make a call. So I thought I I I I mean to they want to have a noon the plan and not to have to our Lis is somebody to be able to go to the page. 

AGENT: I I agree said one to worry what I'll go ahead and dispute this and on for you and you would receive a credit. I think the issue a credit app off the same amount with the next 24 hours. 

CLIENT: Account, I mean why didn't go ahead and investigate. Okay. What what to what to what it is or anything that you want me to do I I mean, I'll give you my. 

AGENT: Credit card and I shop yes or maggot your credit card number please. 

CLIENT: And the expiration says thank you, sir. When you look at my account, you'll you'll know that I've been with you and I pay my lease what it is saying one time thing. 

AGENT: Okay, sir, I appreciate that and make it your complete name as it appears on the account. Okay. Thank you and get your security word on this account. Starting bad your mother's maiden name. I'm sorry to none of that's completely. Okay, sir. I can understand when you have. 

CLIENT: It's that's I mean, you know one thing but not in the contract and I had to that you say I had to me the plane. I told the girl on the service. I have a 10 o'clock curfew and and it's now 830 in the morning. I don't like to you on the half an hour late already because you need to go it's so, I mean it could have been where is. 

AGENT: I agree with you sir, and that's a charge for Amanda and I can see it around and she chart. 

CLIENT: $85.54 including. 

AGENT: Okay, sir, I can see right now that are two charges from there Matt and one is made it yesterday $400.50 and today even to have to charge you for $3.80. 

CLIENT: When they say they didn't entire you know higher. 

AGENT: Yeah, the entire bill would have been one. 

CLIENT: On but two phone calls that they made. They course is out so they gave me supposedly credit wanted to phone calls and they they supposed to save me. 

AGENT: I'm. 

CLIENT: I don't know to know that the whole thing they see the original copy that they gave me was 104-4141. Yeah, right and then they got the copy that she finally gave me and and I guess for a duplicate in case ahead and mail it to you and 8550 for you she gave me she. 

AGENT: Oh it's. 

CLIENT: And they were not that they were not long distance calls, they were more than that I presume and then have the room charge 8819 and then she gave me a 10 day. And she interrupted 38. Miscellaneous and and and and and and minus $5. So the whole thing of course and the bench seat charged me today $0.85. 

AGENT: Yeah, but it seems that sort they have to try $200.54 plus. 

CLIENT: $3.87 that was made yesterday. I was trying like the original rate. 

AGENT: And that's right sir so they have a charge in total of $104 and it's would best I can to just you. 

CLIENT: Items are censored this is actually well. I don't know if we are we are here in Pennsylvania right now and then, yeah, I I'm in and out you know, I will be in and out of the Spring Hill suites for the next is five or 67 days and then on the leaving there. I mean going to another. 

AGENT: Okay, so. 

CLIENT: And and there will be a little bit hard to reach me you want me to give me a number that I can an 800 number, I can be able to contact you. 

AGENT: Yes, are the same number that you're calling in right now. I can give you the number once again it's. 

CLIENT: 100.08, let me just. Sorry to impose a no no no that's that's completely. Okay, sir. Yeah when when the original bill was 10441 that was here. It's and then eyes and then I see alright, so soon and where would you it's 118-0809. 

AGENT: Is 60409? 

CLIENT: Yeah, I. 

AGENT: Yeah 511. 

CLIENT: Or 5114 that's and that would be customer service or you are. 

AGENT: And August. 

CLIENT: He hasn't so what I. 

AGENT: Okay. I was anyone sir, do you speak to now let me tell you one thing sir, since this charge what I can do it. We can do right. Now as we invade for the merchant. So what I'd like to happen is since they have informed you also $85 and you told me $85.55 if you actually need to read them. 

CLIENT: But I supposedly that's. 

AGENT: He yeah, that's that's right I. 

CLIENT: I mean, I don't wanna I you know, I don't 11 Penny more than I was in charge. 

AGENT: Yes, so what I would suggest you sir is if we can just wait for months couple of days and if they charge you if they since they have only charge if you have anything for them to clean the month once the clean the money even go ahead and dispute it if they want to claim the money off to us. He's the charge will automatically drop off on the. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, so what you're saying is I want. Yeah, take it away. They will then do you speak. 

AGENT: Yeah, one speed clean the money, yes and from us Vince go ahead and dispute that for you and once were disputed after three within 24 hours you will receive a credit for this. 

CLIENT: He will give me a credit for that amount right that's right and I actually did go ahead and get you a new one and then call, you know, whatever down right should. I call reminder in tomorrow and Monday, I guess to. 

AGENT: I guess people were. 

CLIENT: Work and advise them that I. 

AGENT: Yes, are you can inform them and you can also tell them that instead of $85.55 what degree to you they have to do you have they have to charge you $104 and. 

CLIENT: What's what are we getting trying to get from them so. 10441. 

AGENT: 10404 daughters and so I. 

CLIENT: So that's what you're going to De De De from then put it back on. 

AGENT: Yes, once the claim. 

CLIENT: Okay, and the 8383 the $0.85. 

AGENT: Or they have similar charged on. 

CLIENT: So you'll be good to go for that one too or is that you know, I don't I mean, I'm not trying to make money I just. 

AGENT: Don't know thank you. Lisa. I understand yes, sir, even if you dispute the month, whatever amount they going to charge. You so if they charge you again $85.55, yes, we can we can dispute that. 

CLIENT: So that means that they're very and either that or charge me 85 for that one. 

AGENT: Yes, or whatever and they're gonna charge and when you disputed went back to. 

CLIENT: Never amount tell me if you have the button ounce the incident cancel the old 104 and charge. Yes, and whatever you have is. Okay. When I um hum not and I will tell them I've spoken to you me. If you are canceled which you have. 

AGENT: Oh, you know, so certified you can just tell them that once the clean the money actually you don't have to or even I didn't you just call them and tell them that you want you don't want to pay them or if you if you don't want to talk to them that's come. 

CLIENT: Okay, why aren't you let them know how how rude they were and how are you so I don't know just kind of them I spoke to my credit card people and out and for some reason they say well, we will send you a check and then I and then I I guess they do say that then I will call you people and let you know that they're paying me and the yeah and then either on the other to you or you will not be docked it can surprise. 

AGENT: For death. 

CLIENT: That's right, yes, I mean, I will only do it. The right way for you I've been with you people for many many many years and we had we have a wonderful relationship and I'm sorry. 

AGENT: It's no no sir. I I agree I and I can understand that when you have gone through and yes, definitely you should actually inform us and whatever the baby can help you yes. Definitely go ahead and we can just make sure that experience as well. 

CLIENT: With us so what I will do is I will not be back in Pennsylvania it to a okay. Um who lived for about three weeks to arrive on the 22nd of July, it's during the week have some time then I'm able to call your 800 number 955114. I'm just getting my name and find out how they are making out with their accounts do when you when you give me and they can work our customer service number that I should use for you know for them for them to check on when you. 

AGENT: Very odd to death, you know. 

CLIENT: Just get then my name and tell them. Then I spoke to cut some new supervisor and he said just to call back and for five days and find out and it is easy to order. It happened, you know by then I will have spoken to a model and then I'll be able to install that you need. But you know, yes about right. If I just you know, I appreciate so much. I'm sorry, I don't but I was going to and and I appreciate your courtesy. I've haven't had this problem then, oh I've been he's 2530 years hotel this options are as you know of course, there's no reason, I mean I can see if you would have said to me look to take 50, it's I would have been a big sport and I'm not gonna make our own protection, but when she is nothing I can do then she called there's supervisor or manager and take them. It's I mean $10. Yeah, I mean, that's I mean, you can't even go to the bathroom size for a certain I I I really thank you very very much you have a happy. I thank you for the courtesy to send it to me. 

AGENT: Thank you, sir and enjoy your trip, sir. I hope you have a month versus difficulty and then again, I'm sure I'm sure. 

CLIENT: I appreciate your courtesy, but I can thank you for banking with. 

|100008 
