AGENT: Thank you choosing our customer service numbers are and this is Derek speaking may have your name please. And I can help you with the kind of a calling. 

CLIENT: Okay, I activated my set of cost of cards as soon as I got and it was about maybe a month ago. A couple weeks later I got another set of Costco cards and I called and they they said well, I'll just hold onto it and don't activate him, which I did not do it. I got a bill yesterday with a number of charges against the set of cost. So cards that I never activated. 

AGENT: Okay, you got another set of cards. Yeah, I said you have to cross, go kart. 

CLIENT: Yes, well I have for well. My wife and I have a card and then I have another so Costco cards for my wife and myself cause I can get it. 

AGENT: So is for cards out again, I'll be I'll get you. 

CLIENT: Yeah, and I never activated the second set of cards. They're still glued to the paper that they they came on. Okay. 

AGENT: For me to get them activated for you. 

CLIENT: No, I don't want them. I you know I've got all these charges against those cards that I've never I never made. 

AGENT: I'm so. 

CLIENT: That's internet. 

AGENT: Okay, I'll be your charges know, they don't want to convert it over from American Express. 

CLIENT: You know, I don't I don't really know. 

AGENT: Yeah cause whatever was on the American Express card through the conversion process may just converted right over to the city council current. 

CLIENT: And the ones that I never authorized or never activated. Yes, a problem. I've got all these charges against the card that I never activated it and the bill that I received yesterday. 

AGENT: What what dates of the charges on. 

CLIENT: The charges go for a the second of June to the 20th of June. 

AGENT: It's everything that was on the old car the American Express card. 

CLIENT: Not to have a kind of been on the 20th because you know that's when they strange though for but. 

AGENT: I'm saying is there do you see a charge on the 20th. 

CLIENT: Yes, well know eight. There's there's two columns there. There's a column on the 18th and then a call and it says on the 20th. So I guess they could have been purchased on the 18th. 

AGENT: Oh, yeah, they will purchase prior to the conversion over to the city council current I mean, if they look like chargers and you may. 

CLIENT: Yeah, probably but you know, there's no way of telling you but what's happening is it looks like all the charges I make and from now on are going on this card that I never have to. 

AGENT: Okay what's the last four digits of the credit card number that you are speaking out. 

CLIENT: Ones that I did not activate. 

AGENT: Yeah, I wanted to see the charges that and the problem there. 

CLIENT: There's there's there's two last numbers because my wife has a different one. 

AGENT: And they pull of that account see. I'm looking at the other account. Get your visual so I can go with you sure I mean. 

CLIENT: My name is. 

AGENT: Four digits of your social. Thank you. Your data birth your mailing address. So you can look at that card with you. Okay. The last time just was Hughes was on the 18th for gas at cost. Right $13.46. I was on the American Express number and there hasn't been any charges placed on the City council. 

CLIENT: Okay, I can kind of understand that but that that's not exactly what it implies here. 

AGENT: Okay, what your what your concern. 

CLIENT: Well, it's a concern is this is a bill and it says new charge is $471.33 against my extension and 616 against my wife's and a it says it's against card the card that I never activated. 

AGENT: Right is not on this this card that you. 

CLIENT: I have a bill that. 

AGENT: And then. 

CLIENT: July the fifth. 

AGENT: I'm sorry, that's just everything that you did on the American Express card that came over what the conversion. 

CLIENT: Okay, so if I pay this bill, I never authorize that card. I will never see any charges against that card to. 

AGENT: Number is correct. 

CLIENT: I guess, I guess I'll go with that. If that's the way it's gonna be cause I have. Yeah, I want the original first card that I authorized to be the one. I use so I'll pay this bill off against the the second set of card numbers because that Sexton carry over from American Express and. 

AGENT: Just carry on. 

CLIENT: Okay, I can on the computer that we talked about this and I'll bring that up in case something comes up. Again, I'll just have to call. 

AGENT: Right and the mass your question too. So the statement brakes not who made the charges on the account for you you could yes. Okay. Great, that's good you know. Yep, you answer the question for me to going forward. 

CLIENT: Okay, well, thanks thanks for your help and hopefully we won't have to talk about this again. 

AGENT: Okay. Hope you have a wonderful fourth also okay. 
|100001 
