AGENT: Much. Thank you thank you Mrs. Firth. Can you very fi your name as it shows on your card. Please? Thank you today maam. 

CLIENT: Oh, I just got the offer in the mail. So I wanted to sign up for the 1.99 per cent. 

AGENT: Oh, I love the purchase retail is that right. Yeah. This is no worries. I'll be happy to help you with that maam and I hope that you did not wait to long right away. Before you know. Okay. This is been like that for five days already maam because of the Costco right activations down. 

CLIENT: Oh, yeah, I I and I have speakerphone. 

AGENT: Thank you maam for being we're keeping that cool attitude overheating. Thank you. Can when you want so I'm happy to help you with the process let me get into the account and I'm gonna do a quick and easy for you. Okay. Okay. Thank you just one SEC. I. Right, so I sounded um and I'm gonna go in and activate it real quick for you thank you. All right, I'm gonna read a quick disclosure. Our disclosure team, I'm so just bear with me and it says here. The promotional rate of 1.99% is valid until March 12017 on your new purchase after the promotional period and he and speed promotional balance from this offer will be charged to standard purchase is a Pr currently 13.24% there's a Pr will vary with the market based on the primaries this offer will be activated immediately on your account only eligible purchases for me to read. I mean between today and the offer and people receive this promotional. Alright, so let me. Says they promised him. It's quick and easy it's done and I have already process that request for that. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay and so there's no charge for that you just Kenya. It's a promo purchases. 

AGENT: That's right, so no hidden fees or whatsoever. So it's just a bonus on your account. So please allow Citibank maam stuff like $10 decent credit funds to your account. It's not really a big amount, but it's just a little token of a greasy Asian for bearing with the routing hard time and waiting on the patients me. I mean a lot of customers are mad already up your cool and that's really amazing that's really amazing. Thank you and that credit will appear and in two to three business days. Okay. 

CLIENT: A little thank you you ever get to read to watch Turner wake Magazine. 

AGENT: Yeah, what was that again, sorry and that's okay. I. 

CLIENT: You can read them on the line. Now there watch Tower and a week there. Bye, bye. Nice people all over the world to be done right and they're good articles practical for our lives today to help I really don't have their lights make good decisions family cope with the family you to improve the relationships yes. So I I enjoyed them and it's at www.j W dot court. 

AGENT: Z as in Zebra or John and do you. 

CLIENT: Yes, J M W and I didn't get that for. 

AGENT: You I'm gonna check that out. Let me know it's not really it's a job my job, but I'm still happy to check that out maybe I can find something there. 

CLIENT: Yes, I heard to enjoy publications and then on the look on the left you click magazines. I was and I don't need I don't know, yes, you you will really enjoy it and every two months every three months is a new so thank you for checking that and thank you for your help. 

AGENT: Thank you as a member me see any of your payment history can help with no it isn't no, so I hope that you are 100% happy about and so I think with the Services and how you want to be treated as a value customer hundred Citibank is Marie insurance team. So much you take care. Okay. And I thank you bye, bye man. Thank you bye. 

|100010 
