AGENT: Thank you for calling Citibank customer service and Allen's. My name is Christy may I have your name please where are you doing today. Oh well, I am not doing well. He would charge me for stop and I have never even use this card. Okay. Give me one who's got $470 on here saying that, I can count cash advance. I never take cash advances and I had to run the card. Okay. I do need to verify a few things to look into your account can you verify the last four digits of your social security number. Thank you. I am accessing your cost a Visa card bear with me one moment and I have to let you know this call maybe recorded or monitored, let me go into your transactions here. I did not see any cash advance here maam. I had was sitting in front of me a bank that says cost co, and their Visa card on the other side, it says account summary, previous balance of 471 calling down in cash advance. First, give me just give me I tell you I have not used this card yet. Okay. The reason why you have a balance on this card is because of American Express all those transactions posted over to this to setting aside, I don't know it's $70 at Costco. I'd never spend that much money a Costco and I certainly did not get a cash advance. Okay. I can see on the 21st. We do see a charge of 41163 a Costco. This is this was on the 20th of may. If you want to hang on a minute, I'm going to open my bank account on the web and see what's going on here. I don't I have never I have never taken a cash advance. I'm sorry, I don't see any cash advance here and I am looking at the account summary, and it says. Okay, sorry that's I guess, that's $1 sign out and then and. Okay, sorry. Okay, but I'm I'm gonna put the rest on for a minute. While I get into my account could you hang on please and hold for two minutes maam so I. Okay, I'm in the my account now I'm going to do. Okay. Okay. American Express I show a payment of $470.09 made six to 2016. Okay. It says that never came over, so you may want to contact to marry can Express because we did not receive that payment over today should you be getting that I sent the money to the people that I took the car it out on that's correct, but everything converted over to Citibank as of the 20th of June man, so that payment should of came over to your account. The last payment. I see here posted on your account is the amount of $180.66 and that was on the 12th of may. Okay. Um, you said it was the 20th of June payment was made. It's 62. Okay. Nothing. I can say they did not send that payment over when we converted to Citibank. I thought you know just anything before the 20th was not converted everything was converted from American Express to Citibank and a converted everything came over on the 20th. Okay. This. Okay. The 20th of what of June, but yes maam. Okay. This payment was made to American Express on the second of June I understand that but that payment should of came over to you Citibank it should have been transferred over. I don't not see that payment you have a notice in the bank if I have to go through this every month, I'm sorry, but I am American Express and that's in the payment over why I say that you know and and plus. Okay. Thank you for your help good bye. 

|100037 
