AGENT: Let's come to City customer support. My name is Singh. I get your name please. Thank you, Lisa are you doing today and help and said to help you. 

CLIENT: I'm trying to log into my account online. I know not security password um, cause I'm trying to reset my password. 

AGENT: Sean a lot of definitely help you with your security war and so are you working on a computer or a mobile device. 

CLIENT: I'm working on a computer. 

AGENT: That's great and do you hold any checking account with City. Alright. So let me go ahead and pull up your account. Information, so that I could help you to reset your password. Alright. Alright, and may I get the three numbers at the back of the card the security code. Thank you very much and actually I see this account. It's not the address just like there's no user ID or password on this account. So what we need to do is that we need to destroy register the card for the online Axis. Okay. 

CLIENT: I don't have an account. I I know I registered before but the. 

AGENT: Yeah, exactly man, but I see that this card is not the address just to let you know use that ID or the password on this account. Alright. So don't worry I will help you to register your card and but before that, let's get the security what that is very important because we will get that what and a registration process as well. So I'll give it to him for your security what we can. 

CLIENT: It's just me. 

AGENT: Alright does give me a moment. Alright, so your security what is the culmination of the numbers. 

CLIENT: So I've tried on my own these numbers. I don't know if I have or is that one. 

AGENT: Okay, I just could you tell me that number is nine. 

CLIENT: I don't know the number. I mean I can get. 

AGENT: I know maam, it's not matching. It's not the correct. One anything else. 

CLIENT: I I don't I'm trying to do different number information. I wouldn't wanted to I know you can four digit number with you guys. 

AGENT: Okay, so you can do one thing. If you want to reset the security what I can just reset it for you do you want to reset the security one sure I'll definitely help you. 

CLIENT: It's my card isn't registered can I register online. 

AGENT: Sure, maam, so I just because it out for the security word as well. So don't worry I just we need to set up the security work for us. So what does that look at that give me what you want to keep your security would like it could be your first concert at the end it your best and last name. Your favorite Hobby said be a teacher ideal place to click Asian separate that's name your childhood nickname what to do you like to keep. 

CLIENT: You can you answer this question. 

AGENT: Yeah sure your for us consulate at the end did your best friends last name. Your favorite Hobby your fabric to each other your ideal place to vacation. You'll submit that claim your crap. Its neck all your child to the nickname. 

CLIENT: And you said it was direct pet's name. 

AGENT: Yes, if they're so do you want to sports. 

CLIENT: That when you. 

AGENT: You can set up anywhere like your favorite, that's name. What could it be with you? 

CLIENT: And what let's do that? 

AGENT: Okay, I just put that what give me a moment. So you just have to repeat the would never give me a moment. Okay. So could you just repeat that what okay and. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I. 

AGENT: And then could you spell the word to him so. E as in Echo. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Hello, I got it. So it's B O and E correct, yes. Alright, so let me set up that what for you here. 

CLIENT: Know a a. 

AGENT: Alright, so your security what has been set up now on your computer could you just type and www.mycd.com. 

CLIENT: Okay, alright and. It's. Oh, okay. 

AGENT: And then you type in www.mycity.com good do you see an option and it says first time user register. 

CLIENT: Oh yes. 

AGENT: Just hit on that. Alright, and it says select account type so you can select credit card account. 

CLIENT: And then type and all information. 

AGENT: Yes maam to your to send you a card number. And are you in the next big it saves you a lot of the Pri me a card number for this credit card account and your name S yeah and your name as it appears on the card. So you can enter your first name your middle initial and your last name all in caps. 

CLIENT: Yes, I have that term and on Tuesday mean and she's your ID. 

AGENT: Okay, so in the Box it says create user ID. If you want to you can use your email address as your user ID are you can select anything as a combination of letters and numbers, many months five characters. 

CLIENT: Some. It's. 

AGENT: And then you can go ahead and create a password like your password must be a combination of letters and numbers ending and six got actors. 

CLIENT: I thought it I am calling to Sherry Dennis vacation to. 

AGENT: Alright, so here it says make your selection. So when you hit on that drop, down you can select the last option that says a very, fi me and some other very so you can select that option as well. Oh you can send it send a text message. If you want to text message you can do that as well. 

CLIENT: I'm gonna send a text message. 

AGENT: Changed, so you'll be getting a text message on your cellphone and once you receive that text message inside that text message there will be a code so just under the same code added to talk to you on you or you know. 

CLIENT: Alright, so security question. 

AGENT: So security questions, do that the three questions. If you just have to select one question each from the drop down and answer the questions and your answers must had many maam four letters long, so I just try to and answer the security questions and once you answer the security questions you can hit done continue. 

CLIENT: There. A a confirmation and. 

AGENT: Oh that's great. So thank you your card has been registered and then you can just. 

CLIENT: And it's. 

AGENT: And when you get on the log and it says activate your mobile number and your email address. If you want to do that you can do it or you can scroll down at the very bottom of the screen. It says manage my account you can. 

CLIENT: A lot of. 

AGENT: And then it says are you sure you want to exit you can create. 

CLIENT: Yes, hey. Alright, I'm on my account. 

AGENT: Yeah, you got it. Man. That's correct. And I see that you have been banking and the city 456 zero's man and 50 really appreciate your business and time and I hope you are happy with the service is provided best. 

CLIENT: Oh, yeah. 

AGENT: Thank you thank you maam thanks for calling to say the and have a. 

CLIENT: End of the day. Thank you bye. 

|100028 
