AGENT: Thank you for patient be waiting. Good morning. My name is may may please have your complete name as it appears on your credit card. Thank you so much for if you can hear how you do it and that's good to hear I'm doing well. Thank you so much for asking, let me just pull up your. 

CLIENT: Cana, K. 

AGENT: Can you know if anybody if I did to get anything where this husband. I don't need. For that up here. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. I know maybe if I can help you now. 

CLIENT: So I got so if you can send this out and so on sorry, I and so I called the automated number and and got it straightened out but the problem is there a call on the work. Number so I didn't find out about it. 

AGENT: Of course, sure I'll be more than happy to update your information here. I just want to verify you sir and can you please verify your cellphone number for us. Okay, so this number that you just verified with me I see that it was listed as a home phone. Number so what I'm gonna do here. I will be removing the cellphone number from the home phone number. Okay. Hello and. Please enter. It and this and that I'm almost done. And this is what is the other information that needs to be updated the same be moving the home phone number. 

CLIENT: I don't know said to him. 

AGENT: Okay, so with this number. If that's what's listed on the business phone needs to be our home phone number correct. 

CLIENT: You know this is for the number they called it. But that doesn't work. 

AGENT: Okay, but do you want me to live it as a business phone number here or just remove. Okay, so I see the only number that that she shows in here. It's for your cellphone and then the business so and there is no home phone number. Okay. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, I mean you can make your cellphone my. 

AGENT: Oh, I just wanting for me, so that we can only add it either cellphone or home phone. 

CLIENT: I could probably sell that would be great because I like that I. 

AGENT: Schuster said, oh boy, so from the time that you're gonna be contacting you about your account. Then I think it's gonna be for able to you know contact and the telephone that's the only time that we can call your business on that. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry, I I don't I don't want to. I will have to sort of the stuff. 

AGENT: Okay, just is I'm in Mississippi so I'd be a first option. It's Elise the cellphone that we need to contact. 

CLIENT: Okay, see if you try the stuff. 

AGENT: Yes, this is Lisa. It's always the cellphone. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay great. 

AGENT: Alright, and would you like to add an authorized user. They can actually make a purchase and the payments for you. Okay, not a problem. Thank you so much for your business and if you have that I could help. Alright. Thank you have a great morning. 

|100023 
