AGENT: But I think you so much for choosing City. This is Angela. If you know every to help you. 

CLIENT: Yes, I was calling to pay on my credit card. 

AGENT: How much would you like to be? 

CLIENT: I want to pay the 25. 

AGENT: $95, let me go ahead and assist you further with this me. I also asked me I have the last four digit of your checking account number please. 

CLIENT: It's not a checking is going to be on my debit card that's why I didn't do it online. 

AGENT: Okay, no worries about that. Let me go ahead and pull of Michael Senior. Okay bear with me for a second. And you said, it's $25 do you normally be using your debit card. 

CLIENT: And they said they would have it on file. 

AGENT: Okay, I could go ahead and check it out for you man or the last four digit of your debit card number me search it is. Okay. Yeah, I know the three digit code at the back of the card. Thank you, how does your name exactly appears on the debit card this payment. Once it's been it's process. No changes correction or cancellation could be made the payment over the flag gone through the Ac and heating will be credited to your account real time. Okay, so they're. 

CLIENT: You have me on the amount how much is it. 

AGENT: Plan with $10 you said maam right. 

CLIENT: Yeah click on. 

AGENT: That's correct maam we have successfully process the payment for you and say from this would there be anything else. 

CLIENT: Yes, I wanted to talk to somebody about see if I can get a crazy increase on my card. 

AGENT: I can go ahead and assist you further with that maam. Okay. You're now on the right department. I know, we does have the proper expectation since we will be requesting for accrediting free a credit bureau report to will not be able to provide any instance, this is sure and okay. Good. I just have to ask you two questions. Just let me know whenever you're ready. Thank you, first question maam. It's me. I have your total and won't even come see if you are through anyone or older you might include income from I was very fit you can reasonably accessible your bill is either would have any clue the alley morning a child support or separate me again, if you don't want to consider it as a basis for a PC or is that how much easier to deal with the landlord income and que second question I do have here is me. I have your monthly mortgage or read payment amount is oh okay, but it was more scared to read payment is under your name. Once they send me the request for this credit limit decrease will not be able to make any changes. I have entered your ID both L and would you like me to continue. 

CLIENT: Well, another question with Debbie at again like my watching garbage could we ask why didn't go out. 

AGENT: Thank you so much. Let me go ahead and the Dean you by the way man. I would you like me to continue with this process. Thank you. What your company for many address maam for this. Let me go ahead. And proceed. One moment and. Mr. Burroughs, I'm sorry to let you know what I find to be the area cos either without them. I think you need to call and as of the moment, but don't you worry you'll be receiving on that are explaining why we need the next seven to 10 business days. 

CLIENT: Okay, Phyllis ally. I'm just trying to figure out cause my credit is good month. I didn't have enough for you it cause I have a Capital one card as well. 

AGENT: And and. 

CLIENT: What I'm trying to understand is that they just gave me an increase on Capital. One so I'm just trying that I've been was Citi cards for like close to 15 years and and is that we have because when I applied for a try to increase about six months ago probably less than that and I was told I would be something in the mail stating why and I never got anything saying why so I'm just trying I don't know why am I getting increase with another credit card company, but I can't see the increase critical I've been there for 15 years. 

AGENT: I don't have any I understand that maam. However, the reason is not provided to watch don't you worry man. This is just temporary will be having at this opportunity to review here. So I mean August, okay for and once your account is eligible for anything. Sorry to read that a Street of the account will let you know right away. Okay. 

CLIENT: So so since I I didn't I didn't qualify for an increase do I qualify for the more interest. 

AGENT: Yes, maam, yes, maam, that's correct. And that's a part of the review an approval once we get it off of the second from the arctic a review. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, do you guys contact me or do I contact you and I'll. 

AGENT: Now you'll be receiving on that sir or an email coming from office Max. 

CLIENT: I called me looking for is and I look for the letter in the mail is there's a lot. 

AGENT: Thank you so much for that, but is active this is or anything else is gonna further assist maam. 

CLIENT: That's it, that's it thank you very much. 

AGENT: Very much welcome and I thank you for the business and thank you for understanding and on the S will be satisfied with our service. Thank you man. 

CLIENT: And how wonderful I was fiber. Thank you thank you so much. 

AGENT: I'm sorry to hear that maam. Don't you worry we'll have the exact if I can your behalf as it is back out as soon as let you know right away. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: Thank you have a wonderful day maam good bye. Well. 

|100039 
