AGENT: My name is Bernie may I have your name. 

CLIENT: And today, we will thanks. I was wondering if you can help me a quote over the counter. 

AGENT: Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that you would like to close your card, but I'll be more than glad to assist you about your forward card to you online to verify your security were. 

CLIENT: It's to be better to pay. 

AGENT: Thank you for that information and for documentation, sir. I do you mind if I asked why would you like to close the card. 

CLIENT: Primarily because I think the end of the month and it's going away. So I'm just gonna get a M as in. 

AGENT: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that sir. And then let me double check safe for the features and benefits of your um forward card online. Okay, and you have been running points and this account's we tease. Thank you for calling. It's once. Thank you points for every dollar you spend on eligible purchases and understand the one. Thank you. Point you get five. Thank you points for every dollar you spend and restaurants and entertainment. I just using this card for purchase is that the Amazon. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I. 

AGENT: Thank you. Let me double check with will be 19. Get this card in the next few days you might to hold for just a quick second, it's mistaken minutes or to clarify, then you benefits of this part. Okay. 

CLIENT: Alright one moment. 

AGENT: I need to thank you for waiting. I do apologize for the whole ski you can still actually I'm use your card for and isn't great. You said us know, I don't want that has to change effective June for the way you are in regards instead of getting five. Thank you points for a restaurant you see movies and books. Thank you points that you will and will and I'll me to thank you points for $1, you can still one. Thank you for calling for other three just says every dollars and you also have the ability to or and $100.01 is points each month. So via Amazon is not actually eliminate that from using this credit card. 

CLIENT: Hey, yeah, but it would be a lot know if I can get that for. 

AGENT: The number of points. You are enrolled just to re do this but it's still to present at two points for $1 so let me check sir. And make sure let me just check on your available and line to K S. Yeah, anyway, I do see here that. Yeah, I know I'm now Jim out of range of points that you have Grand so far it's great day current available. Thank you. Bye nice 1.2. 

CLIENT: If if I would like to ask you Mr. Once you close which credit card you may not be able to read all fitness. Do you still want to close this credit card? 

AGENT: Yeah. Just one moment, sir. I'm processing your request. Okay. Okay. I. 

CLIENT: Okay, Mr. Rang, I could see that the account is on auto pay and verity. 

AGENT: And there's a $1.61. 

CLIENT: Credit available. 

AGENT: Once you're a pending charge posted if you'll be at a zero balance. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: I'll go ahead and cancel the card now. Okay. Alright. 

CLIENT: Would you like me to send you a confirmation of this closure through emails. 

AGENT: Alright, what your email address please. Alright, thank you so much for that information. Um, you will receive an email confirmation anytime within the next 24 to 48 hours. 

CLIENT: And we really do appreciate your business. Let's see 48 wonderful years. You would like to. 

AGENT: Make sure that. 

CLIENT: In the future, we will be able to provide a card at this week to you need to give a visit us online at www.that Citi cards that's I'm hoping that you can have or weekend again have a business week in the future anything else Mr. Rent, not that I think it. Alright. Thank you for calling Citi have a nice day. 

AGENT: Already bye bye. 

|100014 
