AGENT: Welcome to Citi cards customer service. My name is Ernie can I have your name please how are you. 

CLIENT: Oh I'm good. 

AGENT: That's great to hear I'm looking after your City planning to my Advantage card. How may help you today? 

CLIENT: I just you know my son he has the mirror image of my cards and he's and and British Columbia for the summer and so I was just putting a travel notice cause he went to use it to get some money and it wouldn't work because you did have the travel know it is so I'm assuming that well I'm assuming that was it. So he'll be he'll be in British Columbia, most of the summer. 

AGENT: Alright outgoing they come out of the account. Sorry. So he wants have any housing using us again. Okay. Okay 22nd, but this is Columbia and aside from that is there any other destination. 

CLIENT: He made be in Washington state a little bit but mainly he will be in British Columbia for the summer until he goes back to school in Colorado and when school starts again and and the end of August. 

AGENT: Me a please have the next date for that, specific date five. 

CLIENT: I believe he'll be back to school. I don't want to say it's starts August 21st. 

AGENT: I was calling for it yesterday and today. 

CLIENT: Reason he came up here to visit me yesterday and once he's in Canada today. He's in British Columbia. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. Thank you. This is to need to give me a. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I know. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: Yeah, he's just North Vancouver in a City called. 

AGENT: Can you verify your first and last name sir. 

CLIENT: Minus your. 

AGENT: Name of your son. Okay. I think I have it here and it's just like a Vicky on the account. 

CLIENT: Yeah, you guys always text me those little I get those a little text, you know on my cellphone it's. 

AGENT: Okay, so I have learned. 

CLIENT: Those are yes, I got a little morning. So I just you know wonder yes or two or no or whatever so. 

AGENT: That's funny. No it's Debbie. Account, so rest assure that the card can be used to visit traveling. Okay. And then you got a good thing for any kind of a broad and we got can call my fourth call and telling to run some checks cancellation or interruption and don't know let me check for there is no foreign transaction. I know, yeah. 

CLIENT: Usually just use that to buy his gas and groceries that's usually I'll use that for. 

AGENT: Okay, so I assure you sir that you can use Summers and I thank you for choosing City of your travel cards and there will be any changes so you can guess and let me find settings here is Citi cards 555 and if you ask a question this is her and she he can call if you things I collect number that's on the front and the back of the card. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, well, thank you and you have a great day. 

AGENT: And you can we have actually sir for Crystal. 

CLIENT: Alright you can. 

AGENT: Care bye bye? 

|100025 
