AGENT: Welcome to City this is John a meal me a please have your first and last. Thank you know man, I was able to pull up any City. Thank you for for a card here verify the security password on your account. Oh there. We go let me submit that for a fact it went through how may help you today. 

CLIENT: I like I'm I'm over due and I would like to make a payment but when I was putting in my what I thought was my account number off the bottom of my check it wasn't taking it. So I thought man, I'm looking up the wrong number. 

AGENT: Oh, that's fine I'll be more than glad to process your payment at no additional cost now your routing number is the first item number, which is always nine digit. 

CLIENT: Okay ready. 

AGENT: Oh, yeah let me read very, fi. Okay. This is the right routing number is thank you. And what is the name of the bank. Thank you so much and may have the checking account number. It's the second set of numbers right. After that routing number. 

CLIENT: This is what I was putting in that it wouldn't is Nicole in there though right. 

AGENT: Yeah, I believe there's a set of numbers, that's your check number and that should not be included and the checking account number. 

CLIENT: Okay 70. 

AGENT: Okay, so we should not include that cause that's the check number. 

CLIENT: I don't know let me give it to you again. 

AGENT: Okay sure. 

CLIENT: Ready, yeah, alright, check number that's what I don't understand. 

AGENT: And there is a number right after that. 

CLIENT: And number right after what. 

AGENT: Right after the last numbers that you gave me. Oh, okay. So this is this is that not. 

CLIENT: Okay when you. 

AGENT: We did include all the numbers on the second sad. If there is it to them we need to put you into a look here. Okay. Okay. Let me read it back to you just make sure that I got it right. Okay. 

CLIENT: Yeah, yeah. 

AGENT: Perfect and what is the name that appears on the check and how much would you like to payment. 

CLIENT: I'm I'm gonna put I'm gonna pay 200 please. 

AGENT: 200. Okay, please do not be able to check to see back once the payment is processed, no changes corrections or cancellations can be made and the payment will reflect today's the. 

CLIENT: You know if the internet. 

AGENT: You get a slow process your payment on our website at Citi cards.com confirmation code for your payment is 1348. 

CLIENT: 134. 

AGENT: You got it right. Okay. Anything else that you? 

CLIENT: Size and says it went through. 

AGENT: Oh it definitely went through it was actually deducted towards the balance already. 

CLIENT: Okay. Great just wanted to make sure. 

AGENT: Thank you so much for your help. You're welcome is my pleasure thanks for banking with us for 15 years now. Have a great evening maam? Thank you. Bye bye. 

|100040 
