AGENT: Thanks for calling customer support and morning. My name is Christopher may I have your name as it appears on your screen and one moment while I get into your account and I do wanna. Let you know that we value of the city go client and we appreciate you. Let you choose City for more of your financially. How may we assist you today? 

CLIENT: And I'm calling cause I just check my balance. Um, do you happen. So I made a payment for the balance but now I see that it says minus minus 1500 so I think so I I don't want to confuse what's happened. So if you got paid too much to do it twice. So in my like they're um, so it's 500 now on my card. 

AGENT: Like that is a um that is over is Juana have a minus but is overage. So let me see if you did make a double payment. Give me one moment. It's yes, sir, you made a payment on the 17th and the 22nd of June first. 

CLIENT: Just was possible. So I make two payments for. 

AGENT: Yes, or you make two payments for $712.11, which you can make two payments per month. Cycle? 

CLIENT: So is there anything I can do so no no I have paid twice for no reason Rice. 

AGENT: Give me one moment. Alright, we may be able to send we maybe this and the funds directly to your checking or savings account may I have the routing number of that account you like to send that to. 

CLIENT: Oh, that's gonna take a couple of minutes. I need to find my check book. 

AGENT: And there are the way this and if you wanna try to send another way. 

CLIENT: So the reason of the way this and so, yeah there are. 

AGENT: The way the Senate give me one moment. 

CLIENT: Since is 14 months. 

AGENT: We can do it as a balance movement or a paper check or electronic. 

CLIENT: I don't know. 

AGENT: Paper checks typically take up to about 14 days to get back to your to the client. 

CLIENT: It's okay, um, I was 20. I think I have my check book here. I I'm not. 

AGENT: And like trying to be the easiest and probably the fastest to get back into your account. Okay. If your account qualifies for it. So go ahead and then you have those numbers when you're ready. 

CLIENT: I'm not 100% sure which one of this is the routing number say that that's not. 

AGENT: That's the bottom left the routing number is gonna be the bottom left of the check. 

CLIENT: But there's no way for you to confirm is right. So I don't. 

AGENT: I can confirm the rounding. I can't confirm are you saying. 

CLIENT: You I can phone number. 

AGENT: But I can't confirm the check in the. 

CLIENT: It's so the routing number if you. 

AGENT: Alright, and then the checking account number. 

CLIENT: Okay and oh, yeah, I forgot this is my C D but this is a different phone. He's not the account that's linked to my super see stars that the problem. 

AGENT: Hey Sena be a problem, um, well. I'd say it'll let us know when we finish entering the information um, if it does qualify or not cause there's no guarantee that it qualifies and it'll let us know. 

CLIENT: I'll save and so actually you know what I have here my seat seat you back and numbers as well 10 years, maybe that'll be easier right to turn it. 

AGENT: Whatever works for you whatever whatever you want is for you. Okay. And then mean I have a checking account number for that one. Alright, so I'm gonna go ahead and re, both numbers back to you for the routing. I have any or savings account. 

CLIENT: This is checking checking something first, okay. Alright here and the. 

AGENT: Trying to find a request has been approved and you should receive that into your checking account within two to three business days. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, thank you. 

AGENT: Alright, is there anything else. I can assist you with at this time. Yeah. 

CLIENT: I had a couple questions so but mostly to Christie should start. When you said 10, year old, so fields and me a college so you know. 

AGENT: Alright. Give me one moment, I should be and let you know that. Give me one moment. While this is loading up. 

CLIENT: So I have a question, so he just still a balance on my service hundred on my C the proceeds card I'm taking only paid back one time and time. 

AGENT: Yes, all my things back for one. Payment so you didn't make the actual other payment so messy. 

CLIENT: You like to $700. So what if I don't use the card and out for a while because I just got another credit card. It's always that's gonna be a fad seeing that the phone's gonna be hang on the card. 

AGENT: And that is your college still be a minimum monthly payment due until what the balance is paid off, so they won't be bad but but it but it depends on how you look at the credit bureau so that's just how are you look at it. So there's nothing to do with what we can sit tell you about that it's all about how you view it. 

CLIENT: There's no way I can refund that I cause I I mean, I don't know why I have like a like a minus on my case. I mean that doesn't make any sense right so there's no way to release make to repay the other one sort of that would have like 20 balance and like you know so. 

AGENT: That, I won't be able to do I said that be I can only do one that has to be for the supervisor. Um, if you want to speak with them to get that taken care of. They maybe able to. 

CLIENT: Possible? 

AGENT: I don't know that as a as a I don't know I really don't know the answer to that that would be a question for a supervisor. I can get I can get a supervisor on the line to ask is what I'm saying to what you don't want to do. 

CLIENT: And what about the annual fees? 

AGENT: To give me one moment to get a fee for you. Alright, yes are so you're fi will be billed October of them had you know if they dollars. 

CLIENT: Okay, I can talk to cancel the card later. If I want to. 

AGENT: That is that is up to you yes sir. 

CLIENT: Okay, that's that's all you know, I don't need to talk about the dollar and cents. Okay. 

AGENT: Okay. Alright, not a problem, sir. You have a great rest of your day and a happy ending in this day. 

CLIENT: Thank you to call us. 

|100019 
