AGENT: Welcome to Citi card customer service. I can talk to my name is Paige can I have your name as it appears on your thank you prefer card. Give me one second just to get into your account. I do see that there's a security where I looks like the makeup your first car. Thank you so much for that maam what can I do for you on your account today. 

CLIENT: I got a send a message because I couldn't get a hold of anyone and the message says to call. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, so. 

CLIENT: So alternately looks like we set up a monthly payment via phone, but is not. Okay settings on the website. So it's I guess it's a different I don't think and I want to cancel that I double paid last time cause I I had it all set up through my bank. So I have a payment already set up to be paid on Friday through my bank, but it looks like it's taking it and also on you know through the to go to any website I. 

AGENT: See on here is that it's telling me you are not enrolled in autopay. Let me double check. 

CLIENT: Yeah, so it doesn't show the remote control not. Okay, but it shows that there's a P I payment that's set and that payment is um. It's says phone next to it website. 

AGENT: Is there any chance that you let me see here that you called in and. 

CLIENT: I did call in but I if I all I wanna do is I want to cancel whatever that is if I said an automatic payment. I'm gonna cancel that. Hey shows right here a scheduled payment for that nine. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: And I did call in. And I because I thought this was already set up but it wasn't. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: Or I had to change or whatever the case, but I don't remember in any case I need to cancel the payment that's I have a confirmation a confirmation number here. If you want that. 

AGENT: Um, let me see what I can do for you so you're online right now and the Citi card. Okay. So go to account management for me. I see if we can do it this way and see if it all. Is anything stopping up if you go under if you're under account management on the on the very right under the account management Services. There is a looks like it's the $123.45 from the bottom. It says manage slash and enroll and slash manage Auto. Pay, so let's see if we can click that if there's anything to stop that payment from going cause that's usually how. 

CLIENT: No, it just says enroll. I've already tried all that stuff. There's no it doesn't show it. I'm not be any I don't I don't pay it set up automatically over the phone which is but gotta get out of this. 

AGENT: I know I'm trying to see here. That is definitely weird. Yeah, it's is I don't know why this. You and help you give me one second I'm gonna look into the school you through okay. Thank you. Alright, I think I figured I was going on here, it looks like it was something that was set up through collections and they set it up but what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put you on a brief hold and I'm gonna contact them to see what we can do. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: Thank you so much for holding I call and talk to collections and they went ahead and cancel that for you. I just wanted to make sure I remind you that your 4730 out of your minimum payment is due by July ninth, but I know you said you had something set up with your bank already. So you should be good. 

CLIENT: Already? Thank you very much. 

AGENT: You're very welcome is or anything else I can do for you today. I thank you for do you have do you have a great day sir. 

|100032 
