CLIENT: I'm just letting my name is Crystal, how may help you yes. Hi, I was trying to get my back line. You know, I guess a lot and my company and my for my for my account then I was trying to reset my password, but I do like to me so I did. Yeah, I Ne an error number I have to give it to you. So you can please open up again. 

AGENT: Alright says. 

CLIENT: I named him you know. 

AGENT: Maam, however, I'll go ahead and check that out for you. I mean, I have you're not a name that exactly appears on the card. 

CLIENT: Scrutiny, I can hear you said everything that you. 

AGENT: Maam, I'll go ahead and take that out to you. I mean you I mean, I have your name that exactly appears on the card. 

CLIENT: Yes maam I. 

AGENT: So much maam if you're out please bare with me while I pull up your account do you go in the system and I mean what what do you understand it that you were trying to accept your account online, you know that to take details health rate has been locked out and so let me quickly pull up your account. 00 ths. Could you please verify the last three digits on the back of your card. 

CLIENT: Yeah for one lacroix you said. 

AGENT: Last three digits on the back of your card. Thank you so much and I say sure yes, I do see that you have been a long to so I would reset it from my end. However, I just wanted to verify your user ID are you using the user ID and. 

CLIENT: You can and. 

AGENT: Alright maam I don't well. I love me a moment here. 

CLIENT: Yes, I have a phone. 

AGENT: Oh and then also gone ahead and remove the block from my end, you know you can try to log in again using the same user ID and password. 

CLIENT: But now I don't know what you say, what I pass where I was trying to create one so I just need to get. 

AGENT: Email just try to log in with the same user ID and password if not then we'll go ahead and and reset your password in that case. So just see how you wanted. 

CLIENT: If you, yeah, I I have problems I can because that's how much are and sorry and I try to log in and I guess I gather bone cancer and they can remember like to close out the password and that's when I got the whole thing. So can you reset my passwords and they're not. 

AGENT: Sure, I can do 132. I can help you I can guide you to reset your password. So I did you have an excess to a computer right now. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: Alright, you can close all the tabs that you're in and love the fish page and type and www.citicards.com. 

CLIENT: Okay. Alright, so thank you find anything on. Okay on the back are you there. 

AGENT: Yes maam. 

CLIENT: Okay, yes, user ID and my user ID and password and forgot my side. 

AGENT: You can click on the option where it says forgot user ID or password. 

CLIENT: Alright, so I'll be right. Okay button down my name and number. Okay. 

AGENT: Yes, maam you have to you and your credit card number without any space. 

CLIENT: Okay and then my. 

AGENT: I know we're not you know how to answer, yes, that's correct or you can click on to continue want to play it. I want to key and your account number. I just click on continue and I will lead you to the next page where you will be prompted to that to your to be digits on the back of your card and a security would. Once you're done swimming 114. You yes maam. Yeah. 

CLIENT: You like me to pass along. 

AGENT: Um, not right on the top do you see the option for user ID or user ID select your user ID that you have. 

CLIENT: Alan Daniel customer. 

AGENT: Reset password, do you see that option. 

CLIENT: You can call you on that. 

AGENT: And you can when you had. 

CLIENT: Please try to give me that thing for your suspension. We have a lock online you have to. I don't understand that's why? I'm I'm just thinking. You know I'm saying. Hello, maam yes, okay. To block. 

AGENT: So if you when you click on password, it says that a blow your log on my next to you and then the error message that you receive and it's a block on $0.98 is that correct. 

CLIENT: Yeah, ice is rattling regular that your account is locked. 

AGENT: Crown is only to maam. I was checking my systems and I'll me a quick moment here. 

CLIENT: I do. 

AGENT: So but are you using the same user ID the kids. I have checked in my system. So I have also if you said your attempts here from my end but however, could you please verify me your user ID again, so that I can take a message why do I need. 

CLIENT: I don't I think that we're gonna do I need to get out of here again. 

AGENT: No maam, it's only verify to me your user. ID, so that I can check whether you're using the correct user ID or not. 

CLIENT: If you got there won't be seen because you got. 

AGENT: I will try again. 

CLIENT: How you doing oh God who needs and I need the mind the right page when you need. Okay, and I'm entering my number my accounts. 

AGENT: Alright, you could take your time. Let me know once you're done with that. 

CLIENT: This is at least one of my interest does not match our records. I don't know. 

AGENT: So maam would you be a good fit. If I delete I would do it from my end. I would read this account user ID. I would help you to re register your account online will that be fine. 

CLIENT: Things like that and. Five hold to see I'm checking again accounts. I don't know something I'm doing wrong, but it's just a manual on which page you know in the comfort of my account information. Time on Sundays. I wasn't sure I didn't. Okay, no, I mean that receipt and your password. 

|100018 
