AGENT: Then come to City online support. My name is good to go and Hogan City with you today. 

CLIENT: I just you know you have. 

AGENT: I didn't like any of it. 

CLIENT: I think I just a quick issue. I use my phone to make payments, you know online and I was ordering this mobile app doesn't work anymore. I I was just pick up a man I need to pay on my cellphone the application and send in the white pages just a blank page comes up. So Marilyn Wilson I do I. 

AGENT: Yes, I you're using your iPhone. If you die for noise it and and. 

CLIENT: Drink phone. 

AGENT: Or is it that is good that tablet. Can you hear me? And you have me. Can you hear me sir? 

CLIENT: I don't because you just you know I my phone to paint make a payment and the white screen comes on. 

AGENT: I'm asking you which one it is is it a Android or iPhone or iPad Android phone. Not Caesar vs. Anything for a problem with the online application, but the application I would appreciate a list of the regular browser you know. 

CLIENT: I like to read about each one has to be for I think if if you can call but I had a you know, I'm not home right now. I cannot get a better because you can I'll try to get this is gonna be eight phone number on the account. 

AGENT: Yeah, I think number underneath the update any number to 2014 days to get. It so I needed on the online website. 

CLIENT: Me I can I can all gone, but I'm not gonna fight piece of work, that's not the correct person it in the Box and you know we say this is about that that $0.73 we seem to want to I can if you can call the only provide a call will be. 

AGENT: To know how you did. 

CLIENT: I was. 

AGENT: On which page I you're resetting the password, that's why you go died and if you get in court often. 

CLIENT: And passed it on to them you see what that says. 

AGENT: I what I connected the option. I can organising a call. Okay this time. 

CLIENT: I got the balance and it's like you know, it's just a group, you know, I'm going Circle. You know, I like last month when I use the mobile phone to make payments. I was okay. Everything was fine and now now this issue comes up with the whiteness like a laptop. If you have a locked out of my account. I don't I don't know who she is I just wanted to close it today. 

AGENT: If you want I can take the payment. 

CLIENT: Over the phone right now I. 

AGENT: I was E K uh-huh look and see. 

CLIENT: Not going forward, what can you do something problem. I cannot quite a few months made a payment right if I could not. 

AGENT: Begun doing one thing we can do need this online account and instead of three sitting in class. What do you get do you know I just at it because in the process of you know this thing menu select I cannot receive a call or text this time you need to on for the security. 

CLIENT: Is 18? 

AGENT: You an account do you remember the security we're doubling you have this rectified and the automated system. 

CLIENT: Yeah plus. 

AGENT: So I used to being in front of the computer right now. 

CLIENT: You have to call if you got a pen, I was a lot and I don't like Tom five Se last eight. Okay. I went to pay my credit card it is so. Wish I think you. 

AGENT: I don't know. 

CLIENT: Okay, so my user name is is that was it that's what I use all the time and the system doesn't recognize my laptop. So I have not gone into this and I'm sorry. 

AGENT: Your password is a combination of letters and numbers. Do you remember your password? 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: Don't and they were let me know when and I need the three numbers talk to you a card. Thank you and let me check your account to do is can you please verify your name as it exactly appears on the card. Thank you so much miss. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: If you want you can go ahead and that Douglas. 

CLIENT: You want to? Yeah, I I I'm I was but I'm okay. I was like you. 

AGENT: And could you please close the browser completely on your laptop. 

CLIENT: I just close my notes. I was going to Les. I was you know, okay. 

AGENT: Opened a locked up again. 

CLIENT: I know that back on it's out of battery and I. 

AGENT: Because in order to help you I need to guide you because I cannot see anything at them from your side, so might be due like typing their own user ID. 

CLIENT: Your heart my. 

AGENT: Me you were on the wrong website. You know variety is K I T Ilene Christina. 

CLIENT: I find my notes I was that 7% battery. Okay. Let me get on the ball. Sure and. And I just on my hot spot because of the Air force. I don't know if it's. 

AGENT: Okay, then try to go ahead and log in with your user ID and password it should work because I cannot see anything from your site. 

CLIENT: It's. 

AGENT: And on your laptop, which browser do you use google Chrome or Internet Explorer. Okay next open the browser and that's open recall and let me know home and you have a funded either take you to another website. 

CLIENT: Okay, that's up to you by. Okay. I was just I guess, I'll call you back. 

AGENT: I you how you want to go to school now. 

CLIENT: Okay, just the only use my cellphone. And I. 

AGENT: On this other phone we need to go to the regular to the Ford website and our da application so little one is it is it enjoyed you said, it's Android next calling the browser on your phone. Do you have google Chrome on your phone? Okay, lets open up google Chrome. How do you? 

CLIENT: Stickler succumb right, you know. 

AGENT: It's my city.com on for one night www.mycity.com. 

CLIENT: Okay, and work on the website now since. 

AGENT: Okay, when you're scrolling down you can see a menu option that is an option that if you are that's I also do you need to pick that. 

CLIENT: Talk to. 

AGENT: Do you handle other side it's pretty? 

CLIENT: Elaine it's with you. Okay. 

AGENT: Click on that and the first option will be the only City online was like the next click on it. 

CLIENT: Please on my bills. I right right. Okay. Yeah, I'm ready. 

AGENT: Now type your user ID. On your fast. And let's log and. A as a. 

CLIENT: It's if I bring on the. 

AGENT: I do and your online. 

CLIENT: And. Yeah, I mean. 

AGENT: No that's for banks. I knew you knew you're writing your new your password. Everything is perfect. If you have anything the problem with the application you can do one thing you can delete the application download the application again and use your user ID and password to log into. 

CLIENT: I see so at the end of the. 

AGENT: I do yeah, if you need to if you need that happen again download that app and then log in but do you like this user ID and password that you have to us and. This is your last on my bike from this is there anything is that man. 

CLIENT: Oh, that's all thank you so much with you know I've I've. 

AGENT: It has been a pleasure. So you are with us since 90 hours. Thank you so much for your business and time. I was going and see if my name but. 

|100030 
