AGENT: Thank you for calling Citi cards customer service and Maryland of my name is Britney may I have your name as it appears on your card please. Alright and for that and could you please verify the last four digits of your social. Alright. Thank you for that and I am logging into your class go anywhere Visa account now and would like to welcome you to City we're excited to have you as a customer how can I assist you today. 

CLIENT: I'm trying to pay by phone before the six and set up this account with you have you received any billing information from American Express matter it in my. Regarding my account. 

AGENT: Okay, I know maam we did we did receive your statement as well as your current balance and the previous statement. So we do you know like how much is due and how much is your current balance, but as far as your checking account information the account, but you make payments with that information or not transfer to us we would have to re enter it. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, and that's what I wanna do cause I want to pay by phone and I want to rent and sure and my routing number and the new account number that I just got from the bank and they take the routing number and they say I can't help you today. 

AGENT: I don't know. Okay. Alright, well. I'm sorry to hear that. Let's go ahead and see what I can do for you today. Now do you have that routing number on hand. Okay, and what is alright, and that's the P and C a correct hurry and your account number at P N C just to verify I have a. 

CLIENT: Oh right. 

AGENT: Alright and your name as it appears on that account. Alright and your apartments you can address is that the account the address on that account as well. Alright. Thank you for that. And I don't work and what was the amount of the payment that you'd like to make today. 

CLIENT: 202. 

AGENT: Right, alright, and thank you. Ms. Please record the payment on your checkbook registry do not mail the check to Citibank once the payment is processed, no changes corrections or cancellations can be made because you're making your phone payment prior to 4 PM Central time. It will reflect today's day and be credited. The next business day and for future reference. If you make your phone payment between 4:01 PM and 11 PM Central. Time so that payment water five South a paper towel be credited two business days. 

CLIENT: Okay, so early in the morning. 

AGENT: Yes, maam, it will be credited tomorrow and reflect today's date, you know I'm gonna go ahead and process that payment. Right. Thank you for your patience is or anything else. I can assist you with today miss. 

CLIENT: Phone lines glad to get the server with us know, thank you young ladies have a great holiday please settings. 

AGENT: You too man. Thank you for calling Citi have a great day. 

CLIENT: You know, if you have a confirmation number is two. 

AGENT: I can give you a confirmation number, yes, that confirmation number is. Alright, thank you thank you again for calling Citi have a wonderful rest your day. 

CLIENT: You too thank you. 

AGENT: Thank you bye. 

|100013 
