AGENT: City boy Davis cutty that they killed in case. I'm just calling to cancel my account and close it show and what is the reason about. 

CLIENT: That's. 

AGENT: I am not really going to use it anymore. I have another credit card that I'm using so let me do that for you you're talking about your thank you. Perfect card ending in seven to. 

CLIENT: I was. 

AGENT: Yes, I think you. 

CLIENT: Hey. 

AGENT: You will have to clear the balance on the account how much is it. They did to do it. Let me get the color that okay, and times a day did today and the balance shows is $9.78 you a clear his statement was for $0.00 and you know so there was no the statement generated last month. So I think if you would please $9.78 that should be fine. Okay. Great so this is I will pay back and then you'll be close. Yeah, so I think the payment and then process close close you know if this account told you wanted to take you on the page right now. No. That's okay. If you want to pay today turn on because even if I'm not sure if it's I don't need to close the account. So if I I see okay. So then I will go online and pay it do you want to do it. You right. Now let me um, let me try to we've learned. Let's see if it's. I don't Detroit. Yeah, I know I'll call back. It asked me to transfer your call to our attention department. Give me a moment. Your account maam if your account was on thank you. Points? Please note that on that humid to thank you points. To the date your account was closed to get a chance what at your billing. To your time to member account and he wants that to have transferred to you thank your member is going to be available for today. I'm sure for 60 days. Okay and on the account, closure, date. Okay. Got it and it's within the last day. I'm not you're doing within 60 days. Okay. I'll pay the balance in the account. So you can you can you know, thank you for and thank you left side, which is www. Thank you don't call out and you can call us at 1800 time to you know, if I have that information. Thank you very much sure. Give me a moment. Relied be able to go and pay my account after its closed. I yes, if you remember to use that ID and password you should yes. Okay. Can you do it's right now where you had there with me a. I have to turn on my computer you have to hold on just. 

CLIENT: It's it's. Made a real big. It's. 

AGENT: I'm getting the website hold on do you want to call you back. 

CLIENT: I know I don't. 

AGENT: Label, if you don't eat you know, I mean all kinds of applications or credit cards. I don't want show so but those are you using on your computer. 

CLIENT: I'm using my iPad on your iPad when you open society you need to go one City. 

AGENT: .com W I'm already on the. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm already on it. Okay. You're gonna put me on speaker. 

AGENT: But if you want. You're not to Lavinia. 

CLIENT: I am on one minute to a little. 

AGENT: Okay. I have a nine and $9 78. 

CLIENT: A chance and I'll make the payments right now. 

AGENT: Show. Okay stance for us, but yeah. Okay, you have to load your account. So you'll receive a final statement, which will confirm your payment. Okay. The payment. You have just done. 

CLIENT: Oh, I I am actually moving. 

AGENT: From this address so I won't be at this address is are going to be mailed or emailed. 

CLIENT: And I. 

AGENT: Let me check. And you said you have been to the city called to say I did the credit card with no, that's it thank you. Okay. Alright. Have a nice day? Bye bye. 

|100012 
