CLIENT: City council service. My name is Vegas may have your name please. 

AGENT: You know why are you today. That's great. 

CLIENT: And how may help you today. I lost my credit card. I lost my wallet actually personally, so I wanted to chance. 

AGENT: So I understand you know to worry maam. We close that account and issue you a new card to be different numbers and this is the card. Okay. Your card going to give you a little I did it the I do use the phone there would be any fraud enjoyed on your account, you know. Well, I think with you with the pull up your account information and then I'll quickly verify the most recent charges on the account as well to make sure that no one is. This is Jewel to be done and card it usually City for the last six years appreciate your business. All right it and Siemens a bin. Enjoy it is that. 

CLIENT: I didn't want to go to. 

AGENT: Use Amazon for you today. 

CLIENT: That was me actually this is. 

AGENT: That's good. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: That account as you can when you can the card was stolen. 

CLIENT: Well, I don't know, I mean, I don't know I don't I I agree with for my wall I lost my wallet. So either somebody stole it and I just didn't realize it or or I just left it somewhere and you know either way I checked every place that I've been since Saturday and nobody has yet so whatever I have no idea. If you don't are lost or stolen. I'm gonna go with the last for now because I think it's been missing since Saturday and nobody use anything I had for credit cards and bank card and nobody did anything with it. 

AGENT: As I can and this is in the last right through it. 

CLIENT: Started last I just. 

AGENT: Option number is to close that account. So that so that somebody find I was starting to get on. Could you verify your mailing address? I'm along with the home phone number. 

CLIENT: Yeah, it's it and the home phone number is. 

AGENT: Four, thank you, you too. No maam I have to use that account effective immediately and know when you will be able to use that card anymore. When you call us in the future would be awesome for you and you account number at all to do the farming chart is if you see any for lunch on your on your statement and this is called and they take care of those charges to you and nobody even need to see the code to the point to seven business days at your meeting you being in the movie City so for this time go ahead and send you over night. 

CLIENT: Oh wonderful that would be helpful. 

AGENT: And on the request wanted to do the field $6, but I have taken care of that for you as well. If you don't have to be. 

CLIENT: Boston and out. Yeah, I don't have anyway to pay for anything said checks right now. Yeah, that's helpful very much. Thank you. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, and are you with him and it's already more than 5 PM eastern time so would be able to do with the particular to give you the card number the office tomorrow. Account today, you will get you by the office tomorrow Monday. Really never thought about. 

CLIENT: You know and I was in. 

AGENT: You want us to do you want to Fedex to send you a tracking number Matt, and that your email address. 

CLIENT: I'll be good. 

AGENT: While you were talking you know, I just want to make sure. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry, I could you verify. 

AGENT: Your email address. 

CLIENT: I was an email for you. 

AGENT: When the when the phone I was if you'll just send you the tracking number maam. So you can talk to your card as well and. 

CLIENT: Okay hours. 

AGENT: You know everything is been taken care of maam the account is close now effective immediately and when you can use the card. So you can just. 

CLIENT: Hey wonderful, thanks for all your help today. 

AGENT: Visual. I hope you have to get. 

CLIENT: Yeah, you guys are great. 

AGENT: Yeah, I want to. 

CLIENT: Alright you too bye. 

|100022 
