AGENT: Hey good morning. Thank you for choosing City. This is Francis can I have the name that exactly appears on your card. Thank you preferred Master card and for me to add to your account help me verify please the password could be your ideal place to vacation. 

CLIENT: Just wondering his City. 

AGENT: Bank on sending me because I did receive. 

CLIENT: This on another credit card of mine and it just looks funny. I I've been receiving multiple emails and sister and we'll just load recipients fronts. 

AGENT: D bank for a company. 

CLIENT: I can't think regarding update of my material out of my. 

AGENT: A confirmation please. 

CLIENT: Validate my account I did receive one from bank americard and I called before because initially had had to be fax and went to the website and it was like really off they wanted like my drivers license and social, and date of birth and it's like wait a minute. This looks like there's something wrong here and within the past three days. I received multiple emails from Citibank. In fact, one is the Monday I received two of the three. Yeah, it doesn't look like your page at all I just hit their page already will. Thank you for baby at all. So I was just wondering if this is a fraud email. 

AGENT: Okay, I'm sorry to interrupt name is Raquel this ranges for attention I had to. 

CLIENT: Leverage Jim. 

AGENT: I just have a concern from a client is this about updating your income information. 

CLIENT: Just I'm late information, but as I'm looking at it's a website says medical home dad alert. 

AGENT: Cause I don't know if he's an email. I understand I'm looking at your account on the email that we sent you is about inviting you to update your income information like your mortgage payment. If there's any or you're at and we'll sadly, but I think you did that on this already left right. 

CLIENT: Correct right. 

AGENT: And that we have and not send out any other email and sign from some promotional emails and then we have to pay back to discontinue one back in June 17th, that's it but updating your online password or anything you know. 

CLIENT: Can I forward this to your fraud department to look at. 

AGENT: Of course, maam I'll give you the email address you are ready. But when you come Stu forwarding. The email do not put anything on a subject line just forward it directly. Okay so it's like this lose S S B O X. State farm.com. 

CLIENT: Okay at City court C a T I C O R p.com. 

AGENT: Yes, that's correct maam, so that will be reviewed investigated by our security investigations unit for the college of the internet so. 

CLIENT: And you know. 

AGENT: You're very welcome. Good, yes, everything is okay, but are you able to log in like your user ID and password are working when you try to log in. 

CLIENT: Who's this is funny. This is I just with I have his like a that's so much for. 

AGENT: I'm just saying. 

CLIENT: Please like. Yeah, this is definitely a spoof. I'm looking at cause the E mail address now than I did before right now everything's more blown up it says R E S polsky 424 at verizon.net. Okay, and the E mail address so, yeah, I think this is definitely a. 

AGENT: Need more information from you will be notified. I would just make sure if you want you can change your password on mine just to make sure you know your online Axis, but right now I just wanna make sure you recognize the last transaction. I think it's a recurring payment for at least eight minutes today for $19.99 right. Okay, very good and last transaction big Bridge in the bed bath and beyond $211.98. 

CLIENT: Correct. 

AGENT: Very good. Okay. I have their liability and anything that's currently and I am very sure you did not provide any of your first. 

CLIENT: No, I didn't I didn't given anything. Yeah, and I am able to log into my account and then my. 

AGENT: Alright now. Okay, I'll make sure the account is probably noted that thank you for forwarding that email and say. Hi, I'm Trudy team will take a look at that. 

CLIENT: Thank you very much dear wife and you know then what I can. 

AGENT: You do have a great day. Thank you. Bye bye. 

|100024 
