AGENT: Hi, and welcome to Citi card customer service. My name is Carla may have your name a fit if using your credit card. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I. 

AGENT: I was yeah, I was oh, thank you. You know are you good. Thank you maam and I can see here that you're calling in to check on a 420 update us with your personal information. I'm I'm calling to change my address sure sure thank you for the business is your personal information like your address. So can you have the new address. Sure, it's the same. Yes, so here it is. Okay, so is listening to a different apartment in the same building. So it's okay. I mean, I don't think it. It is changing is the apartment number every channel or the same. I'm just changing the apartment number. Okay, sure. Thank you man. So it's fun a wonderful. Alright and with this be your physical a residential address is well both mailing address. 

CLIENT: Hey. 

AGENT: Yes, this is everything this is my mailing. I think the calling us back when I'm updating all right. Yeah, it is I only have a residential address. And we just this one right the one you gave me verify. Alright, so let me update it now just one second please. And I I had sent it I I listed for my payment when I went back. And I want that my last payment. But I wasn't sure if they updated it on that or not so I just wanted to call just to make sure that I understand that when we do appreciate you notifying us of your updated. Address or do you have any other accounts with the bank needs to be updated with your address. I don't have any others. I shouldn't I don't believe I have any others to the account. Alright, when you gets completely is a paid to you. Give me one second. 

CLIENT: Hey. 

AGENT: And it's for my. So I need to sing on the corner. Elevator, so my no it's just no it. Just depends on the type of the part game yet, but I'm just going from the for to forward to the second I got you. Wow. So this is the actions or what do you. So it's just your floor to the lady. Already? So just a second here please. Yeah, but I need to but the type of. And I. A moment here. Please bear with me. Thank you so much. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: But you know just happened just updating. Once in a place name, it's loading. There's an error like a little quick sorry about that. Okay, so and again you need to have any other credit cards debit cards that needs to be updated with your address as well. I don't have a debit card with you. Alright wonderful. So there you everything if they can turn our mail yet. So what do you show for me look at what a chance, do you have for me as well we ask that information. So we can also update other in case you have other accounts they only have this is Smith you have would fit it in. There, you know if they completed and we have any other requests. No can I have your name please. Oh my name is Carlos E a R L O. The other questions for me. Alright, so there I can actually can you just read the address back to me you have my alright well. Thank you for being a valid point would be for 23. I hope you're satisfied or Services, thanks. So much my pleasure to sit. So again, she have any concerns feel free to give us a call in the back if your credit card, we are open 247 for you have any help how wonderful day. Bye bye you too. 

|100029 
