AGENT: But come to 15. My name is Rachel, how may help you. 

CLIENT: You know, I guess I'm gonna have I'm calling to dispute a charge because they're not supposed to be using that credit card that they'd. 

AGENT: So I. 

CLIENT: I try to get him to straighten it out and I haven't done it yet so I. 

AGENT: Alright, and I'm actually I was definitely do the best I can do for you get a bid to help me out with your name and thank you. I sure I love to have an ID to tell you that you have got comes with the zero Dallas are not ready go over those and then if you are not authorized for any charges. You are not being I'd like to make a payment for that. 

CLIENT: That's fine, you know, it's $5.85 they shouldn't use that card. So I've spent two days with DIRECTV trying to get into. It off my credit card and they keep putting a credit on my direct. 

AGENT: Alright, and I'm sure a lot of those if you need any help you yes, can you please give me a Bailey's name on the account. 

CLIENT: Your my husband. 

AGENT: Alright, thank you. Close like my bank you could be verification. Let me quickly go ahead and selected to do is when you. 

CLIENT: Okay, you can see I called and I think it was yesterday or the day. 

AGENT: And for? 

CLIENT: And I've been trying to get this straight. 

AGENT: Oh, oh, okay. 

CLIENT: Any anything pending or they've done it. 

AGENT: And let me just check the information for you and I'll me a moment. So I'm using that you want to dispute the $5.85 for today. Do you need added to reach out this way? 

CLIENT: Right and I think I've used it again since and have a nice day. They got another charge on there now. 

AGENT: Yes, maam, there's one more charge of the D TV DIRECTV service off the $88 and oh, so, you are advised those charges you want to destroy destroy I just wanna. 

CLIENT: The charges of 585. 

AGENT: It's uh-huh. Alright, so you want to dispute a charge 05 done and $0.85. Okay. 

CLIENT: Yes, because they were supposed to take it off my credit card and they've had today. I used to do it and they still haven't done it. They keep putting it on my this and my direct. 

AGENT: Bill. Alright, maam I didn't understand I didn't as you maam. Let me go ahead and dispute the charge for you. Okay. Yeah, get a diesel you for your billing address. Alright number and I'll me a moment. I'm looking and the account please stay on the line. Thank you for being on my number here and this is your department patience. So maam, I would like to ask you one thing as I can see this is a recurring payment on the account. So it seems that they have your guide information with them. So if you want I can do one thing for you you know, I just do like a void the recurring payments and the debt charging you you can go ahead and change your card number tool for the security. 

CLIENT: No I yeah, I'm sorry got that currently right now that card was not authorized it was from a long time ago and all I wanna do is take off. The 585 give me in the mouth of the other one and I'll deal with that next and what date that was. 

AGENT: Hmm. So let me go. I didn't dispute the charge for you looking on the account can you please down the line. 

CLIENT: Uh-huh, I think you. 

AGENT: Thank you. Thank you for being on my mom. I really appreciate your time and patience so, yeah, and I'm happy to assist you with that is good because you had about and they both got a number up on my name credit for the dispute that maam gonna be applied within two business days, please contact us. If you resolve this if you if you miss. 

CLIENT: The office and if they credit it and it'll be resolved right now so okay. 

AGENT: And you're gonna get a credit within two business days. 

CLIENT: Okay. Now what should Mount they charged and what day did they do it again that $88 and something. 

AGENT: Niall me a moment maam and please. So you wanted to know about the amount of $88.55 that they have to you on July 2016. 

CLIENT: July third, okay, alright and them. 

AGENT: I would like to Daniel we're gonna monitor activity and days does much and continues to be with you in the event that there's a few to Judge from Downs Eva plays the charging to disappear right away. And you will see the credit on your next billing statement. 

CLIENT: Yeah. That's what I was afraid. I was gonna get a late charge because they weren't authorized to use that I haven't used it since December. I've got another credit card with you guys for that. I've been I've been using. 

AGENT: I mean. 

CLIENT: Okay, thanks very much. 

AGENT: Yeah, most welcome and maam can you please write down the gays. I am the ID for this. Let me ask you have. Yeah, please I had to. 

CLIENT: I'm ready. 

AGENT: Alright is. 

CLIENT: And that's all yet so. Okay. Thank you very much I. 

AGENT: I think you're most welcome and is there anything. 

CLIENT: Yes, and I can help you with today know. Thank you very much bye bye. 

AGENT: You're most welcome. Thank you for calling Citi and have a great day. 

|100033 
