AGENT: Thank you for calling customer service. This is Cynthia can you can you verify your full name. 

CLIENT: Yes, I am away from the person who has a starting on the. 

AGENT: And the name of the primary card holder. Okay. I mean, you know. 

CLIENT: Yes, I'm calling because I'm looking to see if I can get a charge taken off my credit card well actually are going to charge. It was computers Valley school of Arts. 

AGENT: Looking so it's Matt. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: Just pulling up the account here and could you can you verify your password maam, yes, that is correct. This charge you're referring to maam is this charge an authorized. 

CLIENT: Well, what happened was I tried to sign up for this class and then I wanted to get out of it because I have no childcare available for this class and then you know if you've and I called the company up in a place and they won't give me a refund on it. So I'm kind of figuring out like how call me today. I have a merge the situation going on so I can't get out of this class and now I want to get out of it and I can't so. 

AGENT: So, sorry that they're you giving you a hard time and but don't worry I will be able to help you out. 

CLIENT: I was just okay. 

AGENT: Me, the date and the dollar amount of the charge. 

CLIENT: The date that it was charged. Oh, okay. I don't you calling today to charge it was a few weeks ago, but I know the dollar Mountain somewhere around $330. 

AGENT: 330. 

CLIENT: Said somewhere around there might be a little more because of the classes a little more expensive. 

AGENT: What's the name of this call may. 

CLIENT: It's Pete is Bailey schools crafts that's on 19 suing Road and Wayne new Jersey. 

AGENT: 01300. 

CLIENT: Yeah, it's a little over 300 I believe. 

AGENT: You one moment maam, let me just double check. I actually don't see any charge for that amount maam the nearest charge. I see is from ISO software income for $250. 

CLIENT: Okay, I thought the same one. 

AGENT: There's no charge for the amount of 300 on the account. 

CLIENT: Okay, um, so what do I do if they end up charging me for that because I cannot do that. 

AGENT: Eased to charge it gets posted on the account maam. We are not till July able to pay for a transaction that you did not you or you did not get the service. We can always open up a dispatch for you just give us um and will be don't want to handle that for you. 

CLIENT: Okay, yeah, that would definitely has I can I go under is definitely I can I go I called them and they were like no, we can't refund that and I'm thinking jeez, you know, I'm give me two weeks or more notice thought that was ridiculous. 

AGENT: Correct man, but don't worry we'll gonna help you but I just points maam, I still don't see them charging the card. 

CLIENT: Okay, well if they do do I just you know call us right away and yeah, I don't handle that one. 

AGENT: And to see the transaction. From said maam, just give us a call and you could open up a dispute for you to have it credited back to your account. 

CLIENT: Okay, I appreciate that. 

AGENT: Sure, and that way, you know, I don't most for you were to manage different section of your account. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I appreciate it thank you and I was trying to be reasonable of these people and they don't seem to be reasonable back so. I think you know. 

AGENT: Yeah, correct man, but don't worry, we'll gonna help you out. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: Thank you for calling have a great day. 

CLIENT: Thank you you too. 

AGENT: Thank you bye. 

CLIENT: Okay, bye bye. 

|100027 
