AGENT: Welcome to customer support. My name is a vacant may have any much sir and how are you. 

CLIENT: I'm good how are you. 

AGENT: I'm doing great so thank you so much for asking and sir. I would like to re issue a happy fourth of July. 

CLIENT: I will happy for the few nice love cents and 582. 

AGENT: Thank you so much sir and how may help you today. 

CLIENT: Um, I so I charge my card a H C P and C if you can if you could go moved in here, but I think it's a draft Texas $66 um. Hi, red to see them yesterday the seventh of the pool and they said they credited that already but the still showing in my account to charge so please check in the. 

AGENT: So I was in more than happy to assist you with. Sir, can you please verify your identity fun possibility. 

CLIENT: Telephone password. I didn't really hear about that, but I need to get. 

AGENT: So you can try it's a combination off a number is yes. 

CLIENT: I don't remember the last time I called. 

AGENT: No, sir, that's not matching awesome. So that's the one so, yeah. This is what you like to keep the same and the fund possible. I'd be calling to see when you receive it. Okay. Alright. 

CLIENT: After remembering it you wanted to change it now the way to you. 

AGENT: Okay and alright. And now I'm able to pull up your account details. What is the name of the Martin's? 

CLIENT: I think it's a C D start with hundred. I have like three charges. To have to get my money. 

AGENT: And well cause I thought of the mountain. 

CLIENT: I think it's $66. This is still showing this is Tyson or a credit. 

AGENT: Yeah, I was checked out to you soon. And what is the date for that charge. 

CLIENT: I don't number if you could be something in June. You should know that you're in front of a computer so I don't. 

AGENT: Yeah. So right now we have not received a credit phone number change as of now. 

CLIENT: Then why don't you just find of this group or something they might of made the mistake cause I asked him yesterday and they said it's not showing in their records, but I had I had this too and thank you and probably two weeks ago around three to 626 so definitely error on their side and I don't want to make another call. 

AGENT: I was. 

CLIENT: Yeah, so yeah. 

AGENT: So I'm going to speak to that it's through department. So that was a dispute that right. Okay, as and and the Ria apply that credit on the account and media and the okay. 

CLIENT: Well, I hope and I hope and this is supposed to be open at 9 am. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: You can and. 

AGENT: Absolutely sir may I place a quote on hold for two minutes. 

CLIENT: And yeah and that's with your speaker phone. Okay. So I can move there on the right. 

AGENT: Yeah, I think. 

|100020 
