AGENT: Good morning welcome to City. My name is Melinda can you please verify your name as it appears on the card. 

CLIENT: My name is Nick. 

AGENT: Okay. Thank you maam and how about the card holder's name time or a card number. Oh, okay. Thank you thank you same and I'm and. Okay, you're gonna you're calling regarding to see to gold is that a charge right. 

CLIENT: And manage manage yes, when you go back in the van. 

AGENT: Perfect and I'll gonna help you Ms. Friendly. 

CLIENT: My husband's card got damaged and it's no good anymore. And we're going out of town Sunday morning, so and if we need a replacement card tomorrow huh. 

AGENT: Sure, um, and then, okay, that's fine. Let me check now if we're gonna send you a fresh card. Okay. But before we continue miss Reddy please verify to security word and this account that starts with the letter. Okay. Let me check that man Allen. 

CLIENT: I'm not 100% sure what the security where it is you mind if. 

AGENT: Okay, that's fine and that's nine. Okay. Thank you. Let me check a replacement card. Okay. We only for your husband is that correct. 

CLIENT: And that mine mine was still up and functioning and I need it. So I don't want you on the Saturday on the account maam not missing a disadvantage. 

AGENT: The now, I guess uh-huh are just going to say. 

CLIENT: To. 

AGENT: Primary card number. Okay. 

CLIENT: Out on something that's fine. If you a call. 

AGENT: To get it up. Okay. Give me one minute, I'm going to put you on hold. Okay stand the line. Okay. Thank you very much for waiting Ms. I'm so we can send you a replacement card maam and that is a fast card there will be a $6 service charge. 

CLIENT: Okay, can you wait to see how much my name is for that account every month and I was wonder if you could like that's oh, okay, no problem. 

AGENT: Maam, I'm going to check that's want to my supervisor stand in line. Thank you maam. Okay, Mr. Roger. Thank you so much for waiting. So tomorrow maam you will receive this six, but I did card and there will be a tracking number to be sent to my Fedex to your email address is that one that you have on file so tomorrow and 24 hours from today. You'll receive the card now. Okay. 

CLIENT: But you know if they probably my husband, so that yes man here and now. 

AGENT: Yeah, you mentioned that correct Lance. 

CLIENT: Yes, and how much is it. 

AGENT: Yes, and you will receive the tracking number to that email address and please also verify know the mailing address. 

CLIENT: Oh. 

AGENT: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much for doing good. This is also here TV for 22 years. Okay. Alright settlement anything else for today. 

CLIENT: No just wanna make sure that you get your by tomorrow. I was billed I'm going to Austin soft one. Sunday, so you might want to tell the travel people in Bentley is gonna be traveling to. 

AGENT: Sure let me put they travel north of the keys from here Ms. 

CLIENT: Tomorrow, you will be an electric fence tomorrow. I'll be at home. So I don't cause I don't on Sunday, we will be in Arkansas us. 

AGENT: Sunday how long and. 

CLIENT: Or whenever you return the the 17th will be the return, date on the Canada and he will be in Arkansas. 

AGENT: Arkansas. Okay. I'll take note of that and with the TV get a number at the back of your card and. 

CLIENT: Yes maam. 

AGENT: Perfect. Okay. So are you can is there. So this coming Sunday would be on the 10th and you will be there until the seventh. 

CLIENT: You know, we're traveling there on the fence and be back again. 

AGENT: For back now, okay. 

CLIENT: So if. 

AGENT: I already done. Okay. We to travel not if you catch a natural you will be with the primary card number right. 

CLIENT: Uh-huh, I know we have your own. 

AGENT: Well, how does the great news. Okay. No. I hope you have a safe trip maam. I'm done with your request. Okay. 

CLIENT: Thank you for. 

AGENT: Thank you. Bye. Bye have a nice day. 

|100062 
