AGENT: Walk of the Citi cards customer service. My name is my cell still have your first and last name. Thank you very much for verify the primary card holder's name. Thank you and how can help you with your advantage goes Micro. 

CLIENT: June is this my husband had put a charge on our Master card for a flight that was supposed to take place from last later here in July and his company of the 18th of July and the company canceled the meeting so he wanted to cancel his Airline reservation and travel all City wouldn't wouldn't do that and he's not traveling now. So I was wondering if I could you know refused to charge that was charged on what's today. I think it was June 28th when he originally charge the card. 

AGENT: I'm June 20, let me go ahead and check this is that. Yeah, so it's my pleasure maam well. We can definitely have it disputed maam will be checking an option to their account specialist here. But then you also have to just to give you heads up the also have an insurance on your account well. This is a trip cancellation or interruption. So that might be if you're not if you cannot be disputed that back. Let me fix should take over so I will be checking for the way and then account specialists, if it's still be disputed. I have the account did you again give, the date maam, I'm sorry. 

CLIENT: I believe he he charged on June 28th. I'm having hard it was with a travel office. He thinks it was on June 28th. 

AGENT: Okay, that's $235.61. 

CLIENT: No 600 and some dollars to get the whole Al. It's like travel a lot of City. Oh that was right here. I'm sorry, it was for air car and everything so maybe a 300 and something was the air plane portion of it. 

AGENT: Oh yep, we have your travel all City for do you want to do the $5.61 and then dial the area or for for $6.20. 

CLIENT: So if my Dell Dell here, that's the 140618 yep. 

AGENT: Okay, so I was just in the last year. This is like 603. So we will be sending a referral to her account specialist here and I'll also will be needing to contact them to finalize the process now just to make sure I'll also send a request your you had to keep the like that disconnected for them to call you can decide what will be the best way for us to contact name is may. 

CLIENT: The other phone would be great. 

AGENT: Good I have the best phone number where we can reach you at. 

CLIENT: 56103228986. 

AGENT: Other one that you're using as of the moment, correct uh-huh. Okay, that's perfect. So I was a referral has been submitted already. Ms me. I just need a minute or two of your time. Give me just a moment. Okay. 

|100056 
