AGENT: Welcome to City my name is Adam, how may I help you today. 

CLIENT: I guess, I was just checking on my credit card of that. So discrepancy here, I think. 

AGENT: Okay, there are some charges, what you don't authorize. 

CLIENT: Well, I don't know I'm not sure that's what I'm checking for to see. 

AGENT: Okay. So you want me to read those transactions rest of the descriptions of those charges right. 

CLIENT: Okay. I got my last statement and I sent in a check of $150. I'm six and already. My balance at that time was 26671 and with a payment of $150 my balance should be 11671. Whatever charges have been made. 

AGENT: Okay, so you want to know what the charges, which is interesting these orders balance. So what did you talk about it is now. 

CLIENT: As what I what I should have. Let's see she said my balance was 18352. And if you take knew about that I had on my last statement of 26671. 

AGENT: I don't know Monday. Is that I have the H P on the account you see any charges like late fees or interest. 

CLIENT: Know. 

AGENT: You want to know if you purchase is that make that amount and you're not sure of a lot of the purchase. 

CLIENT: Well, it's it's to take $150 that I paid from the balance that was on the credit card then it to 6671. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: To leave a balance of 160 and 71 and if you at the charges that she got a while ago. It was 4060 so 150. I am 1617. That's not the balance that she gave me so I don't I don't understand what's going on. 

AGENT: So she gave you to figure as long as your statement balance and what is your thought of that. 

CLIENT: And she gave me she said my statement balance was 18352 right now. 

AGENT: On the automatic machine. On the automated machine are you had a word with someone else before. 

CLIENT: I talk to her. 

AGENT: So I will go ahead and check that for you right away. I mean is okay, and I was seated what the charge is zero on the account. And may I have your complete name. 

CLIENT: My my name is. 

AGENT: I'll Park from this confusion. How are you doing today? 

CLIENT: I was better deal. I got a check and they use man, I'm sorry. 

AGENT: It's an. 

CLIENT: Here, though, I don't know where you all located, but is how detail in Tennessee. 

AGENT: Yeah, no problem no problem miss. It's okay may. I have your social security number the last four. Alright here we go I have you know, thank you for for that card survey. Please one more far as on one of years. Now, I don't know first of all I would like to appreciate your time and business with the city. Thank you so much. Oh, okay. But you would like me to tell you about the charges right now. I do see the balance is 18252. 

CLIENT: Okay, that's what you also you can but that's not what I came up with but that's okay, you know. 

AGENT: Message the statement balance for the last month last month is $266.71. This is love to talk to the balance. If this is just the statement balance and if you pay 150. Daughters, yes, you're correct. The left of that amount, which is 116 something. So either. 

CLIENT: Having 160 and 71. 

AGENT: Yes, yes, yes, that is the amount left the purchases on the account. 

CLIENT: Let you know everyone's a balance it there. Okay, yes, I am she gave me some charges that were there. That I I don't. I have a folder for you know, it's on my credit card and when I charge something I would put charge things in the folder with it. So when I get my bill I can know. You know them go back and and attention to him and that type of them to everybody. Oh every time I send in a payment as type of those charges that I have that or stipend for that bill mid to this one. I don't have any anything attached you know, I don't have I mean I've gotten up my payment $850.630 and I don't have any more charges showing my stuff that I have to. 

AGENT: I understand miss and I will be more than happy to clear things up to you and make it more simpler to hear that why this is the amount on the balance and what is left. What I do see here the last statement balance is $266.71, which is not the actual down. Okay. Now you paid 150 daughters have a payment that if you have something to someone $116.71 now when you. Calculated out again on my calculator. Okay. Stay on the line. Double G R a. 116 North 71. That's correct, Mr. Leftover amount from the statement balance is. Okay at two amounts on it. Let me go ahead and add $16.17 July. The fifth far as Van Advantage. $16.16 to 17. $10 again from the same company on the same day. Okay, I am. Let me add one more amount, which is $40.64. Which is on 629? Add up on International which brings the total of 18352 right now. 

CLIENT: Okay, what was that last one page and 4060 so. 

AGENT: 4064 from are born into the mast and read the description for that hold on it's a cosmetics doors. Plus magic stores. 

CLIENT: And okay. 

AGENT: And miss once you add this amount of 216 be three amounts. Hey Julie add up to one. Hey decree dollars and $0.52 with that exact about. 

CLIENT: Okay, I agree with it now and I see what's happened says to the 1617 and the $10 worth network to with an age that was for prescriptions that they don't give you a receipt for at the clinic. So I did not have a receipt for that. So, I'm sorry, I questioned it but. 

AGENT: It's okay and as much as like this is your account. 

CLIENT: I was inside to make sure that somebody is not charging to my account, but I don't know anything about. 

AGENT: I understand that this is your account and you're curious to know why this is happening that makes me more confident that why you're maintaining this account not good. Oh very good maintaining a mess. So very thankful to you but. 

CLIENT: Appreciate you know you're just so good, you know and everything and you know it anytime. I have a question we can normally I don't this time I normally when I get home like from the pharmacy or something and stuff you have to write down, you know my prescriptions and stuff, but I had to have brain surgery and and I've just kind of been like to. Like these down, but appreciate you so much. 

AGENT: It's a pleasure messed from our end. We are 24 by seven available just for your Services feel free to call us and be if you feel good when customer called doesn't curious to know about their account. It seems to be like you're you're maintaining it pretty well. The reason why this account is I think of the other person baby are and purchase it. Okay, that is again a good news for you. Alright, if you did any purchases you don't have any interest to pay on my side 0%. 

CLIENT: I don't know if you're so good to me and I don't I don't keep it you know try to keep it paid and I when I charged it for what 300 and something over 600. I forgot what I charge like that when you I don't usually try to pay it off every month, but I had such a big that much I couldn't do it so. 

AGENT: You already paid it off meds for this month and I do see your next due date will be ninth of August and your next statement generates on. 

CLIENT: The end of July. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: That's my but I noted to straighten my hair out. 

AGENT: It's okay, Ms. Anytime and I hope you're happy with that. 

CLIENT: You Services to hang out. 

AGENT: It was great. Alright, and then thank you so much for calling Citi. Okay and. 

CLIENT: Have a great day. Bye bye bye bye. 

|100053 
