AGENT: Thank you, very and Colleen seating. This is Alan may have your name, yes is shows on the credit card. Please? Thank you, sir. Just a moment three says security to war it's. Thank you, sir. I have the access to your full time basis signature account. Okay help you. 

CLIENT: Is my account 100% current? 

AGENT: If you can let me check just a moment. Yes, your account is current. So then that you they will be on July 15th, 2016, that's right. Now is Carmen yes. 

CLIENT: Okay, I was concerned that there and still be in the service charge for not be 100% paid. 

AGENT: The reset balance on the account number that balance is to pay on the 15. Sue are you talking about the late fee or. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I is there a late fee being charged. 

AGENT: And it should load. Recently, if you for Jule for June with them and there's $25 a carton and tour. Alright couriers we receive that payment on June the 20th and the due date was the fucking. Was for you on the late fee and. 

CLIENT: You have and then I paid that off my phone in advance and. Are you holding for two days before you. Process it. 

AGENT: Mitch, it's a pain. To Services believe that there was this it to you can you click into our Recruiters. Yeah, we receive the payment a lady here for June so if you won and I can do a request to a different. Department, so just to see if it's possible to remote the late fee for on your account. Yeah because I. 

CLIENT: But I call and it's paid 7140 at the time to get her on. 

AGENT: Okay and. 

CLIENT: And then we made another payment in 2000 something. 

AGENT: Correct. Yeah, I'm gonna receive the first one on the 20th of June the $2871.40 and we received the bid payment on July. The second for $2439.17. 

CLIENT: Yeah, when I made the payment of 7140. I thought the 20. It was removed the way to charge was removed at that time. 

AGENT: Okay, so let me contact another department sir. Let me check for well. So let's see if they can remove the charges. Hey I'll be at that please. 

CLIENT: That would be fine. 

AGENT: Hello me a couple of minutes to three minutes. I think you. 

CLIENT: Check your email are your phone peril. 

AGENT: With? Hello, sir, yes, thank you so much for that thing same basically a can to do the permanent card and that they told me at this moment is not possible to remove the late fee on the account. I was sick and didn't know it's I see that you called on the 20th their reasoning up Pam to remove that late fee, but that that thing also was 59 so do you say peace person. I told you that the late fee will be removed right on the 20th can the 20th. 

CLIENT: Well that was my impression that it was removed. You know, so I paid the 7140 at that time and a my and then we paid 243917. So you're still saying that I owed $25 right. 

AGENT: Right, yeah. 

CLIENT: And that will be give me another late fee charge right. 

AGENT: And actually the reason is because. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm gonna zero balance. 

AGENT: The late fees because the payment has been received a card to do you think they're probably that you're talking about will been three charges one choice here. I mean through charge for $21.40 that is the amount that your top. That you thought this through different things to different well. 

CLIENT: And you're saying my account is not 100% paid rye today. I've got currently are actually over 25. 

AGENT: Know you already paid the fee payment that you did for $2439.17 right you're already paid that. 

CLIENT: Yes, but that's the only my statement was 200535. 

AGENT: Okay, so I'm. So they came is current so there's basically with the payment that you didn't to score and that's okay. But do you do you think well, it's Les it's plugged into different payments, first went up to $71.40 very comfortable, $71.40 plus $2439.07 PM and this gives you a total of. It's too soon for $110.57. Yeah, that is the difference is about the late fee. 

CLIENT: So I will be charged another late fee. Because $25 is still yeah, Michael. 

AGENT: Know and then you wouldn't have the receipt that second charge for a late fee as well. 

CLIENT: Is a month, I'm sure you will because your computer social Ms. Still owe 125. 

AGENT: Oh that is because that amount has been applied to the account and I've heard that the statement has been printed for example. Your is teaming has been printed with two different. Amounts so it has printed before. This is thing apply to get a charge for the $25 that's the $25 will be for these period. For example, you can at that too and and probably both of ours the $21.40 with the interest charges laws. Then you purchase is on your so you cover the previous balance and that's okay. The payment that you made through it was good. But then you wouldn't receive the second Lacey that the only possibility that your receipt the lake on the cycle fee for late the. Okay, I was. Service you made to. And when they leave me on the first it's a little bit the payment that's supposed to be for that is correct. So. That's two, let me see and $25 to two and if I don't know if that yes. Um, basically will be for us is not their payments are for 25 at the last on the 15 July 15th 2000. 

CLIENT: So by July 16th. Right now, I still buy the 15th of July I have to pay another I have. 

AGENT: Dollars and that is current. 

CLIENT: Oh, oh, okay, I didn't know it was time to time before so I. 

AGENT: As probably and that was a confusion. So, yeah, basically that is the amount. So I'll do one sir. Also I can do a request for a diagram that these late fee will be a Nordic sickly delete it bad them to create an investigation and our records to see it is possible to us is due. Yeah because. Can see that that someone come to do about the situation current CD, sir. Um, we can try we can try to like the last option. So if it's possible that these all their department a sensor to remote the lease here on your account. So normally and this is the supervisors department they will come to doing our own 24 hours and they will assist. You so we cannot promise that they can re put them out it is another option right so it's. 

CLIENT: It's you please please have that checked into because I was told it was deleted. Okay. Okay maam and. 

AGENT: Thank you, you're welcome. Just a moment. Please? Let me finish this to sit out there in the request for to contact you. What is the best number to come to choose here? This is cellphone or the home phone number. 

CLIENT: This with. 

AGENT: Your your home phone number. 

CLIENT: Oh you have. 

AGENT: Right. Okay. It's pretty soon. It's hope. I remember in these keys him super visors department will contact you and then that's true and and for hours. I'll let you know what they're. 

CLIENT: And thank you. I appreciate that. 

AGENT: Are welcome sir? Thank you thank calling to see if. 

|100057 
