AGENT: One of them to City. My name is Jess, Matt six and the employees. 

CLIENT: Good how are you. 

AGENT: I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking and how can the city help you today. 

CLIENT: Oh, yeah, my my account got blocked on the online Axis, you know, it's asking me for my childhood friend then my first job and I answered and for some reason the wrong answer. 

AGENT: I don't know you. Okay. No problem, sir. I can understand that but do not way I would surely help you with this. Okay. So thank you you're welcome. Sir so you are not able to on for the security questions. So I was due one thing. I have is reset your security questions. So that you are not face any problem. Okay. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry. 

AGENT: So do you remember the password you also forgot your password. 

CLIENT: No, I don't know if that's. 

AGENT: Okay, so I'm saying you're facing problem with the security questions. So I have a due one thing I've been reset the security questions after that. She was not says any problem. Okay. So can I go ahead and reset the security questions. 

CLIENT: Soon. 

AGENT: Thanks so much please allow me one or two minutes. Why that reset the security questions? Okay, you a lot of concern. Thank you so much for patiently waiting. I really appreciate your patience sir. And I do apologize for the long delay now. I could 81 moment. Okay. Sir, can you have me. 

CLIENT: Yeah, yeah, I I I heard you. I'm sorry, I think you know. 

AGENT: Thank you so much please allow me one moment. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: Thank you so much for waiting I really appreciate your patience there, but my system is taking a little bit time so can I place you a call on hold for one or two minutes. So that I can delete the reset the security questions with my supervisor. 

CLIENT: Yes, please yes, thank you so much. 

AGENT: Us concert, please allow me one or two minutes. Thank you so much for waiting sir. I really appreciate your patients there and just talking to my supervisor and he's the lead to his resetting the security questions on the five and it was a holiday one moment. Okay, and I really didn't do it she ate your patience sir, and I must of that you already patience. I really appreciate that. 

CLIENT: Thank you. 

AGENT: You're welcome. Thank you so much for waiting and I haven't refreshed the activities. I have also reset the security questions from the five so I would greatly appreciate if you can pull up the that site which is www.mycity.com. And once you're on the website, please let me know. 

CLIENT: And on the way. 

AGENT: Okay, so please that the user ID uh-huh and please try the password. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I mean, if you can't young girl believe or you can. 

AGENT: Okay, please select the text option. And you would receive a text on your number. Please once you receive that text please open the phone or text and please type as it appears on the text. 

CLIENT: Okay. I'm I'm I'm locked and what do I do I have to do the security questions are. 

AGENT: Yes, or now your log in correct. 

CLIENT: Yes, that's correct. 

AGENT: Okay, so can you see your name at the top left. Okay, just above that can you see options like accounts payments God, but you said, it's Johnson, I guess and please at the clinic on so management. So now you're gonna see several options like a statement communications Center balance on sort of a lot of options and accounts management and Services. And just let me a minute let me quickly referred to be a dead and I would let you know okay. 

CLIENT: I know a lot of hey. 

AGENT: Okay. Just leave Matt accounts management. Can you see profiles and settings? I do but he told me. 

CLIENT: Yeah, yeah. 

AGENT: Please click on profiles I said if. Now under my security can you see manage secure do you work minus 30 questions, please click on manage the security questions. And now you are on the page where you have to set it three security questions with three different answers. If I'm correct. You're on the page. Okay, if you. 

CLIENT: The monitoring already. 

AGENT: And after that just click on submit. So have you completed three security questions with three different answers. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Oh, that's wonderful is after that please get going to submit. 

CLIENT: Done. 

AGENT: That's wonderful. 

CLIENT: So we're right in the. 

AGENT: It's sir, and is there anything else. I can help you today. 

CLIENT: No, I think you so much I really appreciate it. 

AGENT: You'll have gotten sir and thank you so much for choosing City have a great and wonderful day. 

CLIENT: You have a beautiful day too. Thank you. 

AGENT: Thank you so much sir, bye bye. 

CLIENT: Thanks bye. 

|100064 
