AGENT: Hello, thank you for choosing City. This is for you know, I don't know I have your name please. Thank you so much miss how are you doing today maam. 

CLIENT: I'm doing well. 

AGENT: Oh, that's wonderful to hear and could you also please verify to me maam. Your security words and the account that starts with a better it could be your favorite that's the name. Okay. Thank you so much miss to go find that information. So there we go I've managed to pull up your account today and how can I help you with our double cash card. 

CLIENT: Okay, I have issue with possible fraudulent charges the $70 right now and I looked online yesterday and it looks like it's coming from and it looks like it's been charged like last month. I possibly the month before I was ordering from this company, but have not received a product for my son and when I called the number that you guys a list it comes up as a personal check or just personal phone like a cellphone mind, I'm not receive products so I I don't know what she likes or what I can do cause. I called the company and they're they can verify any card on file are telling me that this card is even on file, but yet they're charging me. So I don't really have I don't know what steps to take to get these charges on my card and I'm not receiving the Prada. 

AGENT: Oh I fully understand that well maam. I actually did see on the records. I'm since I was for the arm charging your account miss. And I think is in the records that this is a recurring charge. So we need to see that they were not able to see if you have an account with them. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I have me a call once but they don't have my credit card on file then you're saying that it's a different credit card and I said no, I mean clearly I have charges coming to this card and they said no, we don't have that on file, so that's where I'm not understanding 12. My card not on file would you like. 

AGENT: Yeah, I do understand I went on the field mean I'm I'm here today what we can do here for you. Okay. It seems that they don't want to help you resolve this issue. So I'll just go ahead instead and has been forwarded to our billing dispute team, which I believe that at this moment maam. They're currently busy and they're right. So is longer than an hour. So what I'm going to do. Let me go ahead and get your contact details and I'll see what would be the possible time that we can reach. You so that they can go ahead and call you back regarding this is for the auction. Alright, sir may I please have your best phone number that we could reach and what would be the perfect time to call you. 

CLIENT: So my it's this it would be the best phone number. 

AGENT: Thank you bye. 

CLIENT: Yeah. First time, I mean, I am hoping you can call this number at any time, I guess to you as soon as possible. 

AGENT: Okay, don't worry maam, I'll make sure they have this one document that for you. Okay. So once again that would be. 

CLIENT: Oh yes. 

AGENT: Okay. Thank you soon and I'm so far are those the only transaction that you would like to dispute. I'd like them I'm in the past because I can see that they're charging your account since done. 

CLIENT: Cents what are they charging us a call. 

AGENT: Um, so if I'm in I'm actually looking here for March of 2016, but let me see where the orders dates. Okay. I'm supposed to talk much as possible maam and trying to look up the old transactions so that they can place in the code doing. June ninth for you and of the six. 

CLIENT: And they if you mess told me that the charges should come through if it's a valid possibly a valid account it would be coming through with you next L L C is that how it. Okay. 

AGENT: And so for I can see hold on I'm trying to look at and then your transactions here as possible. To the news for you. 

CLIENT: Hey. Hey. 

AGENT: Okay maam um, I can see both they start charging your account since August eighth 2007 to 2015. 

CLIENT: Okay, so. 

AGENT: Then you know. 

CLIENT: Okay that that's fine. I'm just with this company. I'm just worried because in the last four months. I have not received any products, but they're still charging my card. So that if I was just this is what I mean it was just because of. 

AGENT: Nope. 

CLIENT: Product I guess. 

AGENT: I C and K I fully understand. Okay. So many to see men that's only four months you would like to dispute only four months right. 

CLIENT: Correct, yes. 

AGENT: Okay, I understand so for the month of July June. July June may and I was April. 

CLIENT: So that's. 

AGENT: Okay. Thank you maam. So I just need to understand a lot from and let me know go ahead and finish the request. Okay. 

CLIENT: Oh all right. 

AGENT: Thank you so much. I'll get back to you maam. Okay. Hold on thank you. Okay on thank you so much for patiently waiting I don't this. Okay, maam, I do apologize for keeping you waiting on the line. So I manage know to submit a request to have our billing to see team to call you on the phone number that you provided earlier. Okay. 

CLIENT: All right. 

AGENT: To him please wait for a phone call within 24 to 48 hours. Okay. 

CLIENT: All right. 

AGENT: Okay, so maam, if there any other concerns or any questions that you would like me to address today. 

CLIENT: You know if not it but. 

AGENT: Okay said, thank you so much for calling Citi. Do you do have a lovely day you take care. Okay. 

CLIENT: It's alright, bye bye. 

AGENT: Thank you man, but I don't. 

|100069 
