AGENT: Good morning. Thank you for contacting to customer service and Marilyn. My name is Teresa to have your name please. 

CLIENT: Yes, I. 

AGENT: And I have your credit card account information. We certainly do appreciate your loyalty and you think Cindy and talk and I hope you today I. 

CLIENT: Sorry, can you speak a little more loudly please. I'm having trouble hearing you. 

AGENT: My name is Teresa. I'm with the Citibank customer service right. Okay. And can I have your name please. 

CLIENT: Yes, I. 

AGENT: Give me one moment here. What your last four of your social. I have a different last four digits of your social security number. 

CLIENT: Oh what number did you want. 

AGENT: Your last four digits of your social security number. 

CLIENT: I thought I gave it. 

AGENT: Okay, that's. 

CLIENT: Moment to get. 

AGENT: Yeah. Already and how can I help you today. 

CLIENT: Well, I I that's called cost on this I already have a Visa. I do not want this a new Visa and I haven't activated it because I'm going to continue to use my Visa card that I've had for years with the Bank of America. Okay. 

AGENT: Well, let me go when you went if you're American Express card was still an open account it automatically transferred to a Visa, but if you want to close. 

CLIENT: Okay, well can I cancel both of these. 

AGENT: Yeah, we can cancel it. 

CLIENT: I tried to do it before but apparently it's not going through. 

AGENT: Okay. Give me one moment here. Now please remember that once your account is closed any accumulated kaska rewards from your Casa card will no longer be available. 

CLIENT: Time like I can't use my current school card is that what you're saying. 

AGENT: Know what I'm saying is if any rewards that you earned will be for fitting. 

CLIENT: A little before for that I say I have one, yes, I have one here that says my last statement didn't have anything on it. But I do have some rewards coming kind of I kind of well. I love those be. 

AGENT: Bill before fitted you will lose those if you close your account. 

CLIENT: Okay, but I will have the ones that die I too late it before I got see if wild the American Express. 

AGENT: No that's not saying this is the American Express account. 

CLIENT: My queue as know that I have for for that. Bye. Bye. The Rebar zero. Yeah, and I will never again I won't get anymore. If I use my regular Visa right well I. 

AGENT: No you'd have to contact to you have your Visa card with to see what rewards they do with they have any rewards but for this particular American Express account that switch to the thesis you lose any rewards that you are. 

CLIENT: Hi, so, I think one other words City and state is taking over at all American Express and this is going on the same is using the same what things that they did right. I mean go out on the same. 

AGENT: We took over at Costco American Express cards and they're going to call us to still out there, but just the cost because part of American Express. We don't go. 

CLIENT: Okay. So if I go to Costco I still have to use the kind of school card, you know to to use to use their Services. I mean I have paid you know I paid my. Dues or whatever, I mean, you have to have a consul card to get and it has nothing to do with this with the Visa card. 

AGENT: And you know if you you can still go to Costco and shop with your cost her membership. 

CLIENT: Have a message what I do have my membership and I couldn't I couldn't use my regular Visa card right. 

AGENT: Yes maam. 

CLIENT: But I just I I'm just not going to get the rewards. 

AGENT: That's right. 

CLIENT: I see okay, well. So anyhow what do you what do you want to cancel this card that from City that I have now I can't really I activated and I'm calling. 

AGENT: I can do here for us. 

CLIENT: So I have this. 

AGENT: Went ahead and close the account down for you just destroy the card. Okay. 

CLIENT: I want I I appreciate that you know what I'm 91 years old and I just cancelled you know, I can have all these accounts. I'm not buying that much to rewards to you know, I don't travel anymore. I don't build you know all this kind of stuff so and here. Oh, okay, you're not interested in that, but I don't know. I know, but I said but I thank you anyhow for cancelling. This. Okay. Oh you are. 

AGENT: Welcome you have a good. 

CLIENT: Thank you have. Thank you you too bye bye. 

AGENT: To. 

|100065 
