AGENT: Thank you for calling customer service and South Dakota. My name is Rachel can I have your name please. 

CLIENT: Good afternoon. 

AGENT: They have you verify the primary card holder's name please. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay. Oh my no would be so. 

AGENT: I guess the primary card holder of the new Visa. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: And the primary card holder's name. Thank you thank and I have you verify the address on file please and your phone number with the area code please. 

CLIENT: You please I don't know which one you have you have my cellphone or the home as at the home. 

AGENT: I'm number, oh, okay. 

CLIENT: That, I'm not nine to noon might because I had changed it to my regular. 

AGENT: Okay, what is your cellphone number? Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the verification. I've got the account brought up and how can I help you Mr. 

CLIENT: So my question is yes. My I received a statement from American Express so was that balance terms with this is Lisa. 

AGENT: Correct, yes. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. Okay, so can I pay over the phone to the credit card. 

AGENT: I'm not a credit card. We would need a check routing number and a check and account number. 

CLIENT: Yeah, okay, made me that it. So I cannot get to the part. 

AGENT: Correct. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, so I didn't have time to get back. 

AGENT: You know, I don't have to call whoever you want to transfer the balance would have to call back credit card company and this credit card information to pay us. We can't like over the phone. 

CLIENT: Okay, so, okay. Now, I was does again, so I dial the number. 

AGENT: I mean, oh, I'm sorry hold on one. Second, let me bring up that screen here. Alright, Natalie what is the routing number when you're ready. 

CLIENT: Correct. 

AGENT: Thank you and that still go credit Union. 

CLIENT: Correct. 

AGENT: And the checking account number whenever you're ready. 

CLIENT: Correct. 

AGENT: Thank you and how much is like to make that payment for today. 

CLIENT: According to a little bit I make an Express and that's Dave me and I owe $2421.45. 

AGENT: Correct. 

CLIENT: So I would like to make that payment I don't. 

AGENT: Okay go ahead and record this your checkbook registry do not mail any checks to City. Once is has been processed know a change of corrections or cancellations can be made. I've gone ahead and process that payment. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: Is there anyway, we can go ahead? 

CLIENT: Okay, so when I have a confirmation number or anything that are that. 

AGENT: Um, there is no confirmation number you just use, today's date is the confirmation. 

CLIENT: Okay and then. So my noon these rats have the same due date. 

AGENT: I was in there trying to Express absolutely it sure well. 

CLIENT: Okay. So then that's the next one. I did it would be S I C B bank. Okay. 

|100046 
