AGENT: Hi work in the Citi card customer service again psyche. My name is Sabrina can I have your name as it appears on your card that you do get a group one boarding on domestic flights and how can I help you today. 

CLIENT: I'm just a couple of questions. I'm gonna be traveling to Europe and a couple of months and I want to know about your foreign transaction. 

AGENT: Alright, so with your car do you do you have the Platinum card so let me go ahead and pull up. The foreign transaction Cc. To believe this is you know for some. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry what. 

AGENT: I just looking at to see the foreign transaction. 

CLIENT: And I wanted both on cash exchange and purchase. 

AGENT: Okay, well, you do have a zero per cent foreign transaction. 

CLIENT: With that me and purchases does that mean I'm purchased plus I'm getting a local currency exchange. 

AGENT: I'm not exactly sure about the if you change but I do you know was purchases that that would be 0%. I haven't had that question about the purchases before. 

CLIENT: The purchases are not around I didn't know the trend. Yeah like the current. 

AGENT: Hey Seth. 

CLIENT: So I just I don't lot of credit cards liked American Express your Bank of America charge about 2.7 to 4%. If you use the card for transactions days and of course, that's recommended way to do it because you don't want to be carrying around all that cash with you when you're in your own. 

AGENT: Yeah, but with your card. So if you do use your car like you. I'm if you have a check card and you answered the checks or purchases that does have a 0% for a chance that you'd be. 

CLIENT: Right, but we really do need to check on the task in Versa. 

AGENT: Okay, yeah, that's fine. Do you mind if I put you on a brief wanted to minute hold. 

CLIENT: Number wait before you do that I have another question and the nazis and the answer to I'm not sure I need to know the amount to Vail that I would have available for cash and I also need to know if there is a Pin number associated with my check card. 

AGENT: Yes, there is a pen. So when you receive your you should have received two envelopes from City, you should have got you're welcome to City packet and I do you believe in that when you get your mirror can Airlines and if it does well with me and that your Pin number is located in that package. 

CLIENT: Okay, I got so much stuff from you guys. I stuck it in the file. I will look that up I think you. 

AGENT: Answer your account has been opened over 45 days. So you would be able to take only $1000 cash at a time, but depending on through the bank that you go to stay might have a lower cash advance that they could take out that it's I thousand dollars a day for your card. 

CLIENT: So I thousand a day. I don't need this house and the day, but that's good to hear. 

AGENT: Available cash that you're able to take out $6500 so it would be $1000 a day and so you hit that. Okay. And one thing. I think I can do if you cannot find your pin you can go to any type of bank branch with your credit card and two forms of ID. 

CLIENT: Oh, I'll time like 10. It's gotta be somewhere cause I checked all the stuff you guys sent now I can you check and see what the percentage of conversion rate is gonna change it from dollars to your dollars a year. 

AGENT: Do you mind if I put you on a brief wanted to minute hold. 

CLIENT: Not at all thank you so much. 

AGENT: Thank you. Alright, so thank you so much for holding so if you do convert over like if you are you there currently it would be under and cash it and I. 

CLIENT: Okay, I. 

AGENT: GA 5% of the amount that you take out or $10 minimum and it's starting that day your interest with start accruing on that. The only so that would be zero it would be available variable rate was 3.5, which is your Prime plus your cash is Nancy puts 21.99, which would be a 25.49% daily. 

CLIENT: Okay. Now, I'm totally confused so you're gonna have to I've got on my pin by the way. So I'm have to run me through that again. Alright, I'm here here is what I have and the rest of that I did and for any kind of um currency transaction on your card is 5% of the amount. Then I am converting or I $10 minimum correct. 

AGENT: Right yes. 

CLIENT: Okay, that's is far as I got in the rest of it. I don't understand so if we could go through it that would be great. 

AGENT: Yeah, definitely so what I happen is if you do you take out your cash advance with the C included on it that amount will be charged the interest is your daily interest on there. So that would be 25.49 every day. 

CLIENT: What how is that different from when I use the card to regular purchases here. 

AGENT: Well, it's just for a cash advance. I guess is because you're it does. It's actual cash is not credit City link is why they. 

CLIENT: Charge of hiring women. Okay. So the bottom line is I don't want to use your card to catch it. This is just for. 

AGENT: That's what I was yes, yes, because the eight days it does accrue the interest daily and less you pay it off immediately. 

CLIENT: Yeah, but you can't when you travel and I mean, I always pay on my card off right away. But this is gonna give me a daily, so that's kind of crazy. I really think that your help you've been wonderful. I found my Pin number so I am good to go. 

AGENT: Okay, would you like me to add your travel new into your accounts. 

CLIENT: No not yet I will call you guys this isn't until the phone that I'm trying to get a heads up because there's so much to do to get to do this trip. So I should I call or can I do that online. 

AGENT: Yeah, you can do it online on your Citi card to.com. 

CLIENT: Okay. Great, thank you so much for your help. 

AGENT: Well, you have a good day and a good trip as well or. 

CLIENT: Thanks, Nick. You have a great day bye bye. 

AGENT: Thank you. 

|100041 
