CLIENT: And. 

AGENT: Hello. Thank you for calling Saturday. My name is Stephen long. I may have your name please for it. I mean your password if your pet's name. Thank you so much. I know, how do you access to your primary account sunny. How may help you Ms? Just. 

CLIENT: At the beach today. 

AGENT: Really, oh no, so sorry to hear that Mr. To help you or your need to worry soon to call as last and definitely we need to send you a new one with then your number to make sure that we protect your information the process. I don't going to make it's called I security closure all of your account information what I mean exactly the same as what we will change is only the card number to make sure no one uses that last charge that I see here make sure that is from you why us yesterday. I went home Western for $40 was I was the last time he used it. 

CLIENT: What restaurant? 

AGENT: And how for $40? 

CLIENT: Wyndham Windham waiting them. I have to. 

AGENT: Right, yes. Okay, we're in the loan no one has used to definitely so I'm just calling to ask a couple of questions to make sure we have your correct information can you verify for me your mailing address. Thank you and your home phone correct. Thank you so much. So not as a last we will send you that replacement by Fedex without any extra charges so that you can have it and that's possible and by any chance for this account. Do you? Remember having any blank checks or balance. One for Jack is out I may have been lost as well that we should cancel for her only the card out. 

CLIENT: I don't have a card itself. I'm I have a question. Oh sure I my wife has a card to this you need to get rid of her card. 

AGENT: Oh, that's really nice an authorized user a hard card number 86. I call this name of your so we will answer it's the same correct. So we will be sending a replacement as well. 

CLIENT: I'm not okay. 

AGENT: With any number of course, the new number will be available in the next 24 hours you should receive. 

CLIENT: And this is my. 

AGENT: Tomorrow and to your email address you will be receiving the tracking information for that and leave or eight once I have that we're not sure if. 

CLIENT: Okay, we're not gonna be home tomorrow is there anyway, we can you can send it out. So if they're on. 

AGENT: I can hold for six months that's I don't have it normally takes 24 to 40 hours and if you. 

CLIENT: Why are you just? 

AGENT: If you want I can send this to a different address that you may be tomorrow or Saturday or I can know if I really don't. 

CLIENT: I would mention right around to change it now. So I don't I don't know. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, and then maybe if I send it by regular mail. Oh, okay, so just funny me there because I feel. Okay, perfect. So, yes, I was mentioning the card will be sent by regular mail. I mean this case it will take five to seven days. Once you have it remember to let us know so that we can get it active Oliver information will keep the same. Your 6200 points will be moving to the new account. Okay. 

CLIENT: It's. 

AGENT: You're welcome and I sent of the check on this is Daniel other credit card or debit card you might have with us that we should close our this will be the. 

CLIENT: And then one. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. 

CLIENT: On the next morning. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, perfect. So for today, Mr. Thing else that I can help you with okay. The next thing you're welcome. Thank you for calling sir have a nice weekend bye bye. 

|100052 
