AGENT: Hello, a Compass City online support. This is Maria can you help me very fi your name on the card, please. Good morning. How are you doing today? 

CLIENT: Okay, I'm trying to register online. 

AGENT: And then. 

CLIENT: And it says that I should put in a security a code or account information and it's not letting me put it in. 

AGENT: Let me take a look let's going on here. Um, if you could help me a first with the pass code I have you ever both password whenever you call us if I have your phone number this is I want to set up when you apply for your card. It starts with the number for do you remember any code the touch of the number for. 

CLIENT: Okay that helps. 

AGENT: Nine to get. Okay very. 

CLIENT: That you have I need to remember something from 2004 but. 

AGENT: Started, I guess the updates that the line and a word order number is that you can remember you should be. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry say that again. 

AGENT: Would you like us to update that one for you today, I know that. 

CLIENT: And remember you can always. 

AGENT: So miserable and I do have your account here and what browser are you using right now to register. 

CLIENT: I'm using Microsoft Excel, you know if it's for. 

AGENT: Okay lets see here. So are are you have a C S to be dots. I can have the upper right of your screen. 

CLIENT: And my able to I'm sorry. 

AGENT: Are you able to see at three period or three dots I call and I don't know the right of your screen. If you click that one for me. And the County so much the option below open Internet Explorer. Alright and then you'll be routed to a new page for the website. Can you try to register without the H? 

CLIENT: That's exact same thing. 

AGENT: That's fine, sir, because the edges still not get been provided vote for the registration on the city website, but I we can do that one give me try it. 

CLIENT: And let's see a credit card account is under. And the Pri my card number here in the. 

AGENT: Sure, go ahead. 

CLIENT: Yeah. That's just your. Okay to use. 

AGENT: I'll be staying with you have a service until he gets the lever. So what do you log in or register. 

CLIENT: Susan, if you a question well, I have you. 

AGENT: Not. 

CLIENT: There's they're gonna be statements online from let's say may June and July of 2015 or is that something that we need to request. 

AGENT: You can request that sir. It's gonna be available for you about 24 to 48 hours, but just to give you a heads up. I'm you can hold me a class each day a 60 month for six months. 

CLIENT: Okay, that's fine. I'm looking for a specific thing. So uh-huh, I know the window that I'm looking and so okay, Mike I want to. 

AGENT: Sure, sure I can stay with you. Okay go ahead to. 

CLIENT: Month and this is security questions. 

AGENT: Very good, sir, make sure the answers are different from each other the minimum of four characters and that is gonna be your second layer if your security online so in the future. If you forgot the password still fight a question also that you need to answer when you reset it. 

CLIENT: And looks. 

AGENT: Okay. Great now just to give you heads up this if you can use the same user ID and password to your rewards with your thank you points well. It looks like you have a ready for $480 for 80720. Thank you. Bye. I'm you can already take advantage and using the same user ID and password through. Thank you. Bob call. Okay. Okay. It's nice, right. It's a pleasure working with you today and thank you so much for being with us for Reddy 11 years now is there anything else. I can help you with today this is. 

CLIENT: Nope not today. 

AGENT: You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of the day happy Thursday and thank you so much for Justin City to take care. 

|100050 
