AGENT: Good morning, thanks for calling the city. My name is William may I please have your first and last name. Standing on doing great, thanks for asking and I do have access to your account. Thank you for your business with eating how can we help. 

CLIENT: Yeah, yeah, we have a trip coming up on Saturday uh-huh and we planned on using the free domestic check bags um and I was wondering how exactly that works to we just pay for and with the card and we get reimbursed or how does that work. 

AGENT: Have it it's an excellent question, sir, and thank you for calling Est regarding to this inquiry and will for thinking about that your call the benefit that you're getting with your CD account and that is correct. So you only need to book to fly to direct your patient would be a credit card. I did time that you are in the airport you only need to say or do you only need to set that you have a plan and select account you need to show the credit cards and they will be giving you the do first check a box for you they will be applied to benefit into the account. 

CLIENT: So I want to pay upfront. I just couldn't do it right away. 

AGENT: Perfect. 

CLIENT: Um, the other part is we're gonna be a travel. I don't know if you know this but we're gonna be travelling with two children do need to bring any kind of burst. It's it's or anything for them or. 

AGENT: Can you repeat that for? 

CLIENT: Would be travelling with two children, it's or 747, you can bring any proof of identification like birth certificates or so security card or anything. 

AGENT: Well, that's an excellent question. Let me go ahead and double, check that for you as you would like to know you know what that they can get the the first check back for you right. 

CLIENT: No they they should be able to but I'm I'm asking if we have to bring it in a case and for the children to get on the flight. 

AGENT: I was here in this case placed a good question, though, I understand it, I won't be able to confirm that for you but let me a call and thank real quick. The every kind there and I steam so they so they can confirm this for us. Okay. 

CLIENT: Yes, thank you. 

AGENT: Great. Thank you. I'll be right back sir. 

|100045 
