AGENT: Hi, good morning welcome to City curds customer service. My name is Carlo and you have your name please. Hi, how are you the Advantage card. 

CLIENT: I have some no charges and my account. I believe my my number it has been my I don't know my credit card has been stolen and I have it in hand, but try just I don't recall nice. 

AGENT: Okay and for me to actually. Or to check on the transaction on the account can I have your security where you can talk to later James. Okay. One second here and do you feel that you might have lost the card correct. 

CLIENT: No I had they didn't have and what I'm not sure which. 

AGENT: So you have if I can okay. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I was checking my account, but there's a couple of times, just I'm definitely not mine. 

AGENT: Okay now what I do is charges and how much. 

CLIENT: And I still pending but there are some charges. 

AGENT: Yeah, I. 

CLIENT: Like to Dennis charges and there was another charge which I don't even know like the venue know. 

AGENT: Alright, so let's check it out great to hear and you don't authorize story. Nothing to do you authorize. This charge correct. Alright wonderful. So since these charges and again, we cannot stop damn to prevent them to post on the account. So what'll happen here is one is posted on your statement and that is a time that we can go ahead and dispute. I know we have another option right here. We can get we can replace your card right now and I will be sending you a new card number. 

CLIENT: I think it will be better. 

AGENT: Okay. So the same time as we are going to replace your card we go into a have these charges on pending be disputed to okay. So how much are these try. This once again. 

CLIENT: I'm not sure I wanted to can't you can't be accounting team and we had one transaction yesterday, which is still pending. 

AGENT: Looking there are for pending transactions on the credit card. You are some Apple bill. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I don't I. 

AGENT: About $0.85. 

CLIENT: No that one you know. 

AGENT: For $30.73 this and not cold $60 and they used to be a piano 3399. 

CLIENT: The on the one that I returned I just at the end of. 

AGENT: So you don't recognize this is 80. I don't correct. 

CLIENT: No that one, yes, you and you know. 

AGENT: Okay, so it is the only charge that you authorize correct. The other three are no longer authorized tackle be. 

CLIENT: Well, it is a month right. 

AGENT: Day needs an authorized to not going to authorize well, correct. Other it you're in like in a City. 

CLIENT: I don't live in or yeah. 

AGENT: Yes, this is Danny than Taco bell is a restaurant Taco bell is in Hollywood, Florida and Florida City Florida. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm I don't and that. 

AGENT: Okay, and and this is not going how the Florida so there's three that is in Florida location or not or not your school. 

CLIENT: Okay, no. 

AGENT: Okay, wonderful, so it's good to have been tagged is fraught. So just hang on will go didn't have this taken care now it's been lately. Give me a ring please stay on the line. Yeah, thank you. 

CLIENT: Oh. Okay and. 

AGENT: I before I submit this for investigation. Let's summarize, what they have marked charges that were neck need to you or an authorized user on July sixth, there are two charges one from that could be I was having a Florida for $9.05 and Danny Florida City Florida for $30.73 man on July seventh for $60 to Nicole Nicole in Hialeah Florida and thank you for your ring best for information and he will begin our investigation. We may call you or send you a letter received any other information do you need. It we ask that you review and provide the information something to help us close the investigation that's quickly as possible. Alright, please continue to hold Ms. Morale us as we go and complete and death three, she were changed a card number and send you a replacement. Right for any authorized users loan the credit card to anyone. I think you so much. Hey. Hey. Okay and now I would like you to verify your information. Let's start with your mailing address home land line number. 

CLIENT: I don't have any land and your work phone number. Please? I just change work. So I'm not sure if you have the old yeah. 

AGENT: Okay, and your email address. Please sounds great. Thank you. And what is the new work phone number? 

CLIENT: Venue for his phone number. 

AGENT: I like eating at the cell number you have. By giving us a cell number or a number later converted to a cell number. You agree that we have for our service providers can contact you a check numbers on the dial. 

CLIENT: Are recorded for? 

AGENT: This is for the voice or text to your phone plan charges me apply do you agree. Thank you so much. If you should have an updated and thank you so much for verifying your information. So continue to hold please do you have any other information you would like to update or any other accounts with City already. Thank you so much. Oh, okay, so here we go now did your card three again. This is that no calls and email will be sent by Fedex to provide the tracking number on the Apple City to your email. So pleased to check your email in 24. 

CLIENT: For our Estates. 

AGENT: Alright, so there Ms. Morale us, we've tag those three charges from us for on and they'll be investigated and the for any results. 

CLIENT: Is and the only? 

AGENT: Tag is. Alright, I guess it it was done and it was so I didn't really be able to receive credit on the next statement that will show on your new credit card. Okay. And I have permanently canceled this card number effective immediately and you account number will be established in 24 hours all other aspects of your account will transfer to the new account number but for some merchants which I didn't I joined be off of the updates. 

CLIENT: Um, so it's. 

AGENT: I'll top of the system. 

CLIENT: For is. 

AGENT: When you had a charge it automatically we can from them. Okay. Any trees that you had set up we just a conflict medicine here. Do you have any other requests or questions? 

CLIENT: No that will be all. Thank you so much. 

AGENT: Alright, you're welcome and thank you. Once again for banking with C we do appreciate your business have a great day had and how do we can bye bye you're welcome. 

|100063 
