AGENT: Thank you for calling please hold for the next available representative. We're sorry to keep you waiting on Associates are currently assisting other customers please continue to hold and we will be with you as soon as the next associate is available. We're sorry to keep you waiting on the Associates are currently assisting other customers please continue to hold will be with you as soon as the next associate is available. As soon as the next associate is available. We're sorry to keep you waiting on Associates are currently assisting other customers please continue to hold will be with you as soon as the next associate is available. We're sorry to keep you waiting on the Associates are currently assisting other customers please continue to hold and we will be with you as soon as the next associate is available. Thank you for calling customer support and Florida. My name is briana may I please have your name. Hi Brianna that but I'm gonna check back and really quick before. I sure you are okay. Brianna yet still here. I can thank you so much for telling for me no I alright, so I got believe verified with her account the last know what's the card number you've got there. Okay. I think there is a user ID that needs to be block. All goodness. Okay, let me take a okay. Okay. Okay, pulling it up to. Alright, yeah, I see yeah, so anyway, I don't not gonna I'm in Miami. I was okay. So let me take a look here. You got an error code for the learning you know R P 000, you know, so I guess for finding out here is that with these locker block user ID. Please were initially kind of pre, registered for some of them like where yeah where are you calling in the Box. I don't you know it's cause my you know lately. I have this is and and surprise. We actually want to get an account that does have a user ID. I mean, I can't I mean I had quite a few that I'm for a lot of are like I'm having a hard time logging in and I'm calling I don't like when you have a user ID. Yeah, I'm going I don't and I know and I'm like oh, yeah, um, would you happen to know cause we have a couple different take it with the same issue would you happen to know if they can re register or they can't re register. I didn't take or three to re registering, but she says that she's registered he just can't remember her password. Okay. Let me take a quick look here just to run it through cause we've got basically it's the same issue, but there's a to the difference tickets here. So I just wanna make sure that I get it under the right one cause there's one ticket where they can re register. They just can't use that ID and then there's another one where they can not to re register two. If you need to check it was a while and yeah, I do and it's really be right back. Alright, so I'm going to go ahead and get that blocked here let me just take some quick account. Information so I can put in the check in there. Okay, so I went ahead and block that so they're gonna have to use something different and when I re register and I'll go ahead and submit the account information for the ticket here. Alright and connected us. So we really quick working it. We should be good to go here. Now awesome. Thank you so much. Matt, I'm my pleasure have a great one you too bye bye. 

|100055 
