AGENT: Broke at the city speaking with Rick, how can I help you today. 

CLIENT: Eating out of my account information or anything. 

AGENT: So I'll be happy to check and this is in regards to the city Diamond preferred call. Thank you so much for taking time and giving us a call. Give me help you with your password for the account. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I have no idea what my password is. 

AGENT: Yeah, I think you so much with all the details and I do see that you been biking with us since 19. You know that thank you for continuing is really appreciate that and just give me one moment. And the. Are you have a got an interest rate of 1.99%, which is dated September. First 2016 and you also have a balance on so that you have done. Oh I see. Okay. Wait a minute let me check with the balance on for that you have done is know the balance on for actually was in or you want that time that is it's expired and I. 

CLIENT: I would that's what I was calling about I need to know what my rate and being charged because I think I had one that expired and we need to fix. 

AGENT: So you've got and the interest rate is 1.99 that's been and September. First 2016 and that is a promotion on the balance on file, which is I will. Let's have a look which is active you up with an interest and I 8/31st 2017. Okay, I have another one actually it's been made for us to 17. Yeah, I was 0% interest in me first 2017. Okay. I can use. 

CLIENT: Which might over to that? 

AGENT: Yeah and that is one will then you're gonna be reached when you like to go for one is that the 0% interest in me first 2017 and there's one more which is that the 1.99 cents and interest, which is still in March for us 2018. 

CLIENT: I'll do the 0%. 

AGENT: Okay, sure it's give me a moment. So it's 0% interest may first 2017 and would you like to transfer the balance to be a checking account or you want to pay off a credit so. 

CLIENT: No actually I just I want to use the balance. Good. I'm good. I've got a my card right now. 

AGENT: Yes with this one as well for me, I'll be in the bill credit limit. The balance on file to be is goes from the available credit limit. 

CLIENT: Okay have so so okay walk me through this again man. So what is my balance? 

AGENT: So the balance right now you have is $19690.93. 

CLIENT: Okay and on that $19690.93? I'm being charged 1.9%. 

AGENT: Oh yuck, I didn't interest rate is 149 a current interest rate is a 1.99 the front. 

CLIENT: 1.99 and that's on that entire $19000 balance. Okay, and that's through September what. 

AGENT: I don't know that's not on the entire balance that's on the porch is is that you wouldn't make any time now but that's not on the entire balance. 

CLIENT: Well, that's what I'm asking what is my interest rate on my balance right now. 

AGENT: Actually, it's divided you had done a balance. On so that. I'm out that balance is divided into three parts. One is one is $1664.42 that's the balance on for that you had done which is that is 0%. Interest, so, I'll go back $1664.42 is that 0%. So can I and $17714.85 is on 15 point too full, but then variable that is 50. 

CLIENT: That's not gonna work 15.4% is Reid, that's ridiculous with my credit number and charge that how long am I gonna be in charge. 

AGENT: So how long's I think this is going on since I've been this changed into Street 2000 and may 25th 2010. 

CLIENT: I've been charged 15% interest since 2010. 

AGENT: Yes. 

CLIENT: Thank you, I'll be right. Because I didn't transfer that balance that I didn't transfer that balance. 

AGENT: Okay. Oh, okay, that's a good question. Actually this is this you have you been out of the. 

CLIENT: I I actually I transfer the balance to 0%. I think that expired in July or something like that. 

AGENT: Let me check since Venice is interest rate going on. I do you mind if I place a call on hold for two minutes. I think you for your patience. I'm still going to be our County dance is just give me two more minutes. Okay. I have is. 

CLIENT: Yeah, sorry, I will need. 

AGENT: I know about so I was for the billing to the account details and I'm going to the statement it does show me 2010, but I'm still going through the details and I'm just trying to confirm that. Okay. Just give me a. 

CLIENT: Much of 100. And I so how much do I get a charge and the interest. 

AGENT: Alright now, alright now the interest charges 1.99 before that. They put 15 point to fulfil send me a let me just. 

CLIENT: Told me that that's not what you told me you just told me that I was charged 15.3% on that balance, that's not correct. I I had a balance transfer that was 0%. I think just expired this month. 

AGENT: The balance transfer that you had done now the balance what that balance transfer that you had done and you had done about it. It's John you have been about insurance claim 2000 for you know and I guess I was. 

CLIENT: I did I did another. 

AGENT: I was just on. But maybe it might have been expired because I see only one button. 

CLIENT: Oh, yeah, that and that that's what I'm trying. Yes, and was it was it was one of your office that was 0% through I think of this year. For 1.7 or whatever it was it was. 

AGENT: Advice to you. 

CLIENT: It's. 

AGENT: Yeah, I do let me check just give me I was I am just. That you have been a balance fund call us on September ninth 2015 for $1990918 for medical and. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: So I said the balance on file. 

CLIENT: Off and I'll get. 

AGENT: It's all the balance the unpaid balance most of the regular and. 

CLIENT: Just right. Okay when when was. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, I think that guard order on July. First 2000. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, so that's my question so as of July. First, which was six I'm being charged. On that now. 

AGENT: I don't know if it's that you live. 

CLIENT: Check just give me one. 

AGENT: With that's was it says there was a balance on for that expired to get by it's in life. So it's 2000. 

CLIENT: It's and that's attached to this balance transfer from American Express is. 

AGENT: Yes, Abby, do you mind if I place. Thank you for your patience, yes, you are to it is right that it draws to July first 2016 and read and write up out and try. 

CLIENT: I'm saugus. 

AGENT: Well, when it expires the unpaid balance most of the regular interest rate now at 1.99% interest rate that you had is on the porch users, however by having a balance on file expires. It does not go to the promotion is for two straight, but it goes to the Juniper, which is right that is 15 point to 4% variable, that's why the unpaid balance that is $17714.85. The regular interest rate at this point. 

CLIENT: Yeah, so I I understand all that and that's what I'm try and that's what I'm calling to fix because I'm not I can't I'm not gonna pay 15% interest. I mean I've it's credit rating. 

AGENT: I mean, I'm not gonna pay. 

CLIENT: It's 15% interest that's ridiculous you guys know. 

AGENT: So is there any problem now you facing any kind, yes, you are some kind of an emergency then I can speak to us but did if you want. 

CLIENT: Email on me, I'm not no I'm not no I'm not facing an emergency I just oh I'm not gonna pay 15 for mean that would you pay for. 

AGENT: Well actually, but that probably be off but so before the office Lois. 

CLIENT: Thank you, that's what I'm not that's what I'm that's what I'm telling you guys need to change that you can try you can adjust on right, that's the best way and let you know, I'll just I'll just pay it off and and I've had this card for 20 years. I'll just pay it off and and cancel because I mean, that's that's yes. I'm not that's just that is just taking advantage of someone I'm not paying 15% so you need to talk to somebody. 

AGENT: Right it's not before the awful lusty can add was mentioning that the Advent all for me to get it to be subject to the regular. 

CLIENT: I I understand I understand that you know I'm asked. 

AGENT: I I really wish I could do that so but the system will not allow us to. 

CLIENT: Change. Okay, we're going to get me some. 

AGENT: Even the managers won't be able to change that but I let me check if any managers. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: You for patient days of the monitor the queue on the other line for the managers so what I can do is is shut up with you. 

CLIENT: Sure, how long? 

AGENT: It may take a while because there's a lot of. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, so so tell me how we can so so you have the 0% promotional rate. 

AGENT: I was the Atlanta and another it off at on by then yes, you can do that that is something that you could you can they come out. They're all sort of balance on file. I like a 0% interest to me first 2017 and you can transfer the balance to your checking account and use it that way you and you can go. 

CLIENT: It's well then what I what I should probably do then is is paid. I'll pay I'll pay like $5000 or $7000 or so. And then I'll do the balance transfer from 0%. 

AGENT: Yeah. That's up to you but you can do about a chance you can make a payment and you can. Oh really, it's awful. It's awful is valid through September ninth 2016 so. 

CLIENT: 59 what about but what if I've been shot how much dollars. I mean that was I've been charged and since since. 

AGENT: So that is 17 pounds in the unpaid balance was $70. 

CLIENT: Name is hundred balance is I'm asking you how much do how much interest of I've been charged since. 

AGENT: Interest in July. First, um $22 in savings and $4.11 so it's almost so okay, I need. 

CLIENT: Two and I yes, I'll take care of this first part of next week. I'm just gonna pay about and then I'll do that 0% because if I do then zero for or whatever I they pay off as you have. Yeah, so I need to pay down. First and then use that 0% on the rest of the balance, but I can do and. 

AGENT: A venue to bed down venue to make a payment the payment been involved in sports girl to what the minimum do and anything about the minimum due is going towards your and then off of the porches purchase is if you go to a balance on. 

CLIENT: Right I I I get it. Okay. 

AGENT: I thank you so. 

|100049 
