AGENT: Welcome to City cords customer service. My name is and me a please have your name on the card and then yes. Hello, sir. Just to confirm. I am seeing here that you're calling to process a payment on your Hilton Corey. 

CLIENT: Yeah, right, I I made a payment but I had a question I did not receive a statement this month. So I was wondering is it did not get sent out of went to a different address. 

AGENT: Alright, well, we really do apologize for whatever inconveniences might have to talk to you sir, but you know it's gonna go ahead and check what happened why are you people statement for this month well. Can you verify your address to make sure we actually have sent it out to the right one. Alright yesterday that's actually the edges that we have here. So it's where your statement was sent out and I'm not showing here that your account is in a room to our people in the statement service so yes, it's a hard copy that we have sent you out I'm thinking of things does the the edges we have here is correct. Maybe it's was lost in the mail or what have you? It's okay. No problem at. 

CLIENT: Okay. Yeah, I was just making sure cause my I I got divorced and my ex, wife is been changing other to change you know addresses to her house on some of my other accounts that I have been done with that would be and I think she had to access to this. One so I I thought maybe that's with the preferred. So that's why I was double, check and make sure you have the proper address. 

AGENT: Right, yes, we're not nothing to worry. We have the right address again and see any other users are listed on this account for the. 

CLIENT: Oh, yeah, there's no other user, but she sneaking into so anyhow did I paid on time did I paid it on time cause I didn't know if it was if I was late on it or if I was on time, so I just I paid it today so. 

AGENT: Oh, yeah, actually, so you have made a payment. You know two days prior to the due date. So your time. Give me a chance. 

CLIENT: Okay, fantastic. Yeah, I didn't because I know it's either do a 10 through I wasn't positive with date. So I said I better make it today. So, alright, okay, well that's showing I do you see there maybe got lost in the mail, but I just wanna make sure you have the proper address. Thank you for. 

AGENT: Oh my pleasure and I maybe I'll just go ahead and send a duplicate copy of your statements are so that you can check on your transaction. 

CLIENT: Okay, I. 

AGENT: So you'll you'll receive that and seven to 14 days for if you would like to you can check it online Fedex any cars.com. 

CLIENT: Okay. No that's fine, thanks. I appreciate your help. You have a great day. I I just got I just got it. I just got an email that I paid my bill. So I just got okay. Thank you. 

AGENT: I thought $3. 

CLIENT: Thank you so much. Okay, you have a great day you too bye bye. 

|100068 
