AGENT: Hello, and thank you so much for contacting City and my name is Jeffrey may I please have your name. 

CLIENT: I'm okay Jeffrey, how are you doing. 

AGENT: I'm doing fine can't complain the advantage blocking on my account. So what can I do for you. 

CLIENT: Okay, Jeffrey, I might be in touch. Fee, so I have and this guy and if so when what it said. 

AGENT: How many how many fees? 

CLIENT: You know, I know I'm supposed to start fees when with the fees to be started like if you have any fees at that. So this guy that I'm at so when I start being the fifth of. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, so, you mean the annual fee. 

CLIENT: Yeah, it's. 

AGENT: Right. Okay, let me check for you. Yeah, the starting August 2016, though, there's gonna be charges for the annual fee. 

CLIENT: August 201516 and I'm the on the. 

AGENT: It's 95 owners. 

CLIENT: And if I don't know. If I don't wanna be those and you know see because I'm with a credit card so give you know if you can try to call do you guys have some like that if you guys to put me on but I get a chance let them get the ceiling we need to. 

AGENT: To get the annual fee remotely not possible because he's just now is just the annual fee and I office cannot be removed what you can do Saturday. If you don't feel that you want to pay for that we had when I was you have a City advantage blocked and um, we have what we call the city advantage bronze that card still gonna give you my house and he dug you don't have to pay an annual fee for it. 

CLIENT: So can I get a chance to. 

AGENT: You can. Yeah you can do a downgrade. If you want to. 

CLIENT: Okay. So let's to the downgrade. 

AGENT: Let let me just take a look at one thing here, because I know you said you have to have the accounting for at least a year before you can do a yeah. Yeah, yeah, it was open. So in order for us to do a don't want to downgrade let let me see if we can actually let me just try cause is not it is not an upgrade. Let me just try for you. Time there's no way for us to convert the account into a bronze want to get the item being 12 months and August when the 12 months. I'm gonna be obsolete by then we can we can downgrade to do you see the bronze. 

CLIENT: Okay, and then what I've been set aside up to $95. 

AGENT: You might be you might be you will be charged. Yeah, I know, please you know always charged 12 month in advance. So because they're trying in front of them to gonna receive credits. 

CLIENT: On it so, okay, it's $0.02 an excellent I call you back and and I could downgrade I guess was in August, I could downgrade to a Brown. 

AGENT: Yep and. 

CLIENT: Yet $0.71 charge me to $95, but then and to be. 

AGENT: I will Julie I wouldn't I wouldn't be able I wouldn't call at the beginning of the month looking here and I see that actually by the end of the month that is going to 12 months are up. Some time around the 20th 22nd 23rd of August. You can give us a call back and we can do a conversion. 

CLIENT: Because I'm trying to stop this on you know to see and if I can stop it. I mean I have to cancel the card. Alright and Jeff. Okay. So I'll give you a call back on the middle of next month. 

AGENT: Okay, I'm sure we'll be we'll be waiting for you we're open 24. 

CLIENT: Thank you Jeff. 

AGENT: I will thanks so much for contacting City. Alright, anything else. You need today. Mention before we're open 247 and remember you have 42624 miles already turned on the account. 

CLIENT: Okay, so how is that I don't know calling bye use and it's got one. I've got I just got that in mind. 

AGENT: What's and I'll talk to you since you got one mild for every dollar you spend. 

CLIENT: Okay. So if I want to pay my mortgage online, but I've had a. 

AGENT: All, but that that is that is not actually not approach is Mr. Pharaoh. Okay, which is meaning when you buy an actual product that is a payment for a service. So does mine I give you my I was but everything else will. 

CLIENT: Okay. Thank you so much. 

AGENT: Welcome thanks for contacting. 

|100048 
