AGENT: Thank you for choosing City. My name is Julie may I please have your name on the card. I am how can I help you with your CD Diamond card. 

CLIENT: Well, I was just not use it all the time I love it, but I know that I'm probably didn't out of the Islands with it. I don't mean at a balance, but I know, I know I might be employed I'm getting. Hello, how much more grab it. I've got and I use this primarily for my medicine, but I have to use it sometimes near the end of the month. 

AGENT: I don't you I mean you mentioned you would want to know what your available credit on the card right, yes, maam I'll be more than thank you. I was if you can also provide and you have your favorites that plan five for the key this is that the very get a name and. 

CLIENT: Oh, I'm not so I've got it coming to town. 

AGENT: Oh do you get. 

CLIENT: I cannot calling my rescue cat. 

AGENT: I don't know how long as you've been with you. 

CLIENT: Have had or two years? 

AGENT: Well, it's kind of wild adorable is she there is a. 

CLIENT: Oh yes. 

AGENT: Said like I don't. 

CLIENT: Done like snow. 

AGENT: Yeah, I have your agents and stuff you know. I don't like sort of. 

CLIENT: I don't either I just had a conference her. But I don't know why did a very good job. 

AGENT: Oh cats are very hard to please I think it's a. 

CLIENT: Good good I was wrong. 

AGENT: I don't know, yeah, they just walk around and just like ignoring you some time. 

CLIENT: Exactly. 

AGENT: Well, I already have okay your your available credit limit here it shows $5756.14. 

CLIENT: Okay. Now does that mean does that include any charges that I've made this month since my life. 

AGENT: When you actually have pending charges that's not included on that. If you look at it anymore, it's already been deducted. The one for the option 349 and then for I'll be for 14 or 16 so that's already been I just need to for your available credit. So you still have 5756 DOB 40. 

CLIENT: Just say that again place. 

AGENT: 05756 dot one for. 

CLIENT: Okay, and I look forward to thank you $700. 

AGENT: And some are trying available for you. 

CLIENT: Yeah, okay. Now let me ask you this and I use this primarily well I use it a lot but. A lot of my medicine I have a mail order made it and they take it out automatically because I gave him the card number but he is okay. 

AGENT: Yeah, if you a lot of you have to do that he has. 

CLIENT: Is or anyway, it's not the only way I would do is would be in my medicine or something if I went over the 5000 as what I could ask for more and that was as I pay as much as like paying every month. 

AGENT: I'm not sure if I get that for me on the what what do you. What do you mean? 

CLIENT: Good I have a credit inquiry all right not now not now, but if you just laugh out if I should have to use this last I was I well I'd be able to apply for another card or and expansion. 

AGENT: Yes, absolutely maam you can just give us a call and will be ordering you with your request. 

CLIENT: Okay, I don't I didn't know if they would love me anymore. And then now we're not with my income. Since I pay I try to pay a little bit more every month and then when they asked for and a I'm trying to I'm trying to make it with Louis guess just want to call you know, I don't I don't like to use a bunch of and I do like to you all have been with us for several years and I hope you. 

AGENT: Oh, I don't and then you don't need to remember with Jack request, then you can simply give us a call back and will be assisting you once. Okay to do that. 

CLIENT: Okay. Thank you very much and you have a wonderful day. 

AGENT: Oh you have a wonderful day too and wonderful day for your cat. This is I don't know what the price is every Saturday. Hello. Thank you. 

CLIENT: You don't appreciate that. Alright. Thank you have a okay and besides going home. 

AGENT: I'll be safe for you maam. 

CLIENT: Thank you and can I. 

|100059 
