AGENT: Welcome to City customer service. My name is Amanda for my how many good day I. 

CLIENT: Oh, it's going for you to get. 

AGENT: It's now that are not getting help you today with. 

CLIENT: Change of address. 

AGENT: Definitely I'll be more than happy to help you with that phone. Before. That's just for the verification could you help me with your security number on the account. It's a password that you have set up service is checked off number do you remember that let me try that perfect that's the one. Thank you so much well that is fine the accounts and I don't have access to your account yes and what's your new address. If you would like to update. Okay, if you could just buy me out the street name, sorry. Oh, okay, and the city once again for. Okay, so I'm gonna need to be a diet address back to you. Okay. 

CLIENT: Sure. 

AGENT: Give me a quick moment. I'll get this updated clicking on your account. 

CLIENT: Okay, then I will change the phone number to. 

AGENT: Sure, definitely so I just take that from you. Okay. Please bear with me while I make the change the address for. 

CLIENT: Okay, let me know when you're ready. 

AGENT: Sure, definitely. And yes, so if you're the home phone number, but he'll be updating. Oh, yes, yes phone number. 

CLIENT: 900. 

AGENT: Chiesa and yes, what is that I just feed this back to you as my getting have to send number order number lead to get in order to us and number you're good you got to be honest service providers, can contact you at that number if I ordered I don't like August or not this is your voice or text and phone plan charges me apply for you of three. 

CLIENT: Sure. 

AGENT: And aside from this account. So do you have any other accounts with Citibank. What you would like perfect? I have I taken care of if you think you need to get a refund back to your satisfaction yes, perfect. So I thank you so much for banking with that you have a good day take care. Okay. 

CLIENT: Thank you. 

AGENT: You're most welcome bye bye. 

|100044 
