AGENT: Talking to Citi cards customer service. My name is Brian may have your name as it appears on your credit card. Thank you no. 

CLIENT: And you have. 

AGENT: Alright and the account is protected with the security where it might be your ideal place to be gay should it begins with the letter T. 

CLIENT: D as in dog. 

AGENT: No it's T like Thomas started to go business and it's Alisa. Alright. Okay. Just give me a moment let me X is the account for you all righty. Okay. Alright already have your council that sir and how can help you with your CD plan and select Advantage going. 

CLIENT: Actually I home I was I was in the American Airlines site today and I did not see the point total come up on the on their site 32000 plus points, but I only I only have 2000 plus points on the American Airlines a site. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, well, we can check on that for you sir. How many miles Josh and your and using your credit card checking here right now. Alright and then that I did have one check and this you're pressed the total available balance is 32121 miles or. 

CLIENT: Right, so it's not showing up on the American Airlines website. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, well give me a call again because there was customer Services very fine. I'm not sure. Yeah, it's a contact number. 

CLIENT: No actually you can can you give it to me. 

AGENT: Sure, I can do that for. Okay, it's 186-6668. 

CLIENT: Weeks from today. 

AGENT: 9011. 

CLIENT: 9011. Okay on their side, it says if you don't see the point the contact you guys. 

AGENT: Okay. I was just just recalled answer and humid talk to do you want to be a specialist to verify that's what I can tell you have a check of the two adults, I'll be able find. If you have sir, it's Jodie $2125 or I believe you are ready you all for is for if you need to spend $1000 to get 30000 miles, but if we went for it has been awarded already on the account probably the 20 have this 32125 mile sir, because I mean you said, it's only showing 2000 miles right source to talk to last and final. 

CLIENT: Their site on the on my Mac in your life site. It only shows 2000 plus miles uh-huh they were sent to my house. I I guess he did 32000 and but if I go to reserve a flight 80 miles to 32000 the shows on your site does not show up on the American Airlines site. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, alright, but you just don't worry about it sir. I can assure you it's showing 33000 miles. 

CLIENT: Alright will appreciate it. I will give him a call just to make sure. 

AGENT: No worries about it sir and or you can call us back anytime 20. I find out to you okay. 

CLIENT: Thank you very much. 

AGENT: You a call and thank you calling call via City enjoy. The rest of your night Mr. Visor. 

|100060 
