AGENT: Plug in the city name is Christopher and I may have your complete name all right. I'm looking for something else your full name please. And then you have your card with you per. 

CLIENT: The card number. 

AGENT: No, no I meant that do you have your card with you. 

CLIENT: Mike to my American and the ad me and sitting bastards is in my hands. 

AGENT: Oh, okay done and you're calling about your don't look at your your baggage. 

CLIENT: I don't call I was threatening to me over the internet there is already activated like it's been the client twice. There's a problem because one and one through the automated phone and put it in my last four digits again saying there's no such a car, so I had a card number and find out this is Sal owner or something just happened and I need to get a new. 

AGENT: I got you I got you. Okay answer about the inconvenience alling follow, up. I want to focus and you're concerned will click here. However, I haven't pulled up the account here. What I need to verify your complete name for me please. 

CLIENT: Or may not be a senior attached to the. 

AGENT: So with or without? 

CLIENT: I don't know I have six credit cards and I can't tell you what some of them. Yeah, 340 testing is the seniors and some of them. 

AGENT: Okay, so I still have been pulled up the account. Okay 71. 

CLIENT: Yes now again it says. 

AGENT: Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm looking for sorry kinda getting off there, you know and the line once in a while and I need to verify the password on this account sir. 

CLIENT: I have no idea. 

AGENT: Starts with the letter T and it's letters and numbers. Thank you. No, I got the double cash card here, but once I pull one account, I'll be able to see the other account and you said the Platinum advantage card right. 

CLIENT: This is American Airlines and that. 

AGENT: Yes, it's already closer. 

CLIENT: And the expiration, date is 112080 and that's why. I was surprised it was declined. 

AGENT: Yes are but the account is already closed. 

CLIENT: Cones. 

AGENT: Yeah and they're. 

CLIENT: It's close. 

AGENT: It's you know, sir, and looks like it was converted didn't did you have the double cash card yet. 

CLIENT: I don't know maybe converted double cash. 

AGENT: Yeah, I think that card. I don't know from I'm not on what you requested it, but it's gorgeous know when we'll see you know and if there is. 

CLIENT: Swaney. So this is this is back in the confines of my wallet. So this is. 

AGENT: Yeah, just yeah throw it away and I'm sorry, but you know, they're inconveniences that's it, but you did you receive the bill via cask or I guess you got it. 

CLIENT: I'd have to go I don't remember ever requesting a card maybe they made a change. 

AGENT: And you're supposed to get a card automatically bring find it. But is the only account? 

CLIENT: I just wanted to make sure that that's why I got the Klein through this call. Okay. 

AGENT: Yeah I needed to. 

CLIENT: Okay, I appreciate it thank you very much. 

AGENT: It's I haven't been getting luck and have a great weekend sir, bye bye. 

|100067 
