CLIENT: Thank you for. 

AGENT: City. Hi, this is nevel may have your first and last name for disagree every dime and bring for a card. Can you help me very fi your account password. It's the last four digits of your social. And your date of birth maam. And lastly, your home address or to a mailing address and your home phone. 

CLIENT: Over number cause that's the only phone we have now we no longer have a land line. 

AGENT: I see what's that number can you just identify the old loan no much you're very delete that land line maam and just enter on your cellphone just to make sure everything is updated on record, but okay. The next time that you call maam would you want to set up a security words, so you won't be as with all of those questions like your favorite Hobby your favorite teacher or a favorite. I just need. I was your security right now. 

CLIENT: If I do that I'll end up forgetting it I. 

AGENT: Understand well nothing to revise that member you could just leave it as it is but okay go ahead and I'm just add your cellphone and delete the old number maam and rest assured that your cellphone number. 

CLIENT: What it to be you? 

AGENT: For promotional our marketing calls, it would just be for account related info. Okay. Okay sure and. 

CLIENT: You've mentioned earlier that your cellphone that is correct. 

AGENT: And man for compliance purposes, but giving us a cellphone number you want to read that would be our service providers can contact you at that number Les auto dialer week where I did work the official voice or text to your phone plan charges me apply do you agree. And I think for. 

CLIENT: As soon as far as yes, first sackville aside from your Diamond. 

AGENT: Preferred card the other credit cards of the city that you'd like to update that. 

CLIENT: No, no I just I just want you to get the 1.99 promotional. If you are on my purchase. Yeah, I. 

AGENT: I was I'd like to thank you for calling. It's about that promotional offer. 

CLIENT: Maam, let me go ahead. 

AGENT: I didn't activate that for you and okay just one. 

CLIENT: And on this one. 

AGENT: 99% is good until March. First 2017 and I just have to be down some and forth and disclosure for compliance purposes. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay. Alright, perfect now maam promotional. 

AGENT: Rate of 1.99% is valid until March. First 2017 on your new purchase after the promotional period and he and sleep emotional balance from this offer still be charged a standard first to see the are currently 10.24%. This eight. The are those are really the market based on the fi made this offer will be activated immediately on your account on the eligible for this is made between today and the offer and they receive this for months. I don't. 

CLIENT: Would you like to accept this offer yes, I want. 

AGENT: Perfect, let me just go ahead and apply this to your account a little quick Ms. 

CLIENT: Are okay? Okay. 

AGENT: And I'm just also inform you maam aside from that 1.99 purchase. Right. Just in case, you need one maam actually is 0% offer for a balance transfer that's actually good until January. First 2013. If you have other quite a card that you like to pay off you could use or cities. I mean preferred car or if you need additional passion and you could also try to send that directly to your checking account. Did you have a person? That has been successfully activate it ask you for today. 

CLIENT: No that's it thank you so much. Oh you're very well. 

AGENT: It's you're welcome and thank you for the almost eight amazing years of continue with this is that Citibank. I hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend and you take care. Okay. 

CLIENT: Thank you all righty bye. 

|100095 
