AGENT: Welcome to Citibank my name is Fred obese. How can I help you today? 

CLIENT: I don't know I me a second. I would like to know why Citibank cents and the offers first thing and then makes me wait 24 minutes on the phone, but I'm sure you couldn't answer that and I did not get your name. What was your name? 

AGENT: My name is said obese and maam. I can answer that question for you before. I answer that question. I would like to apologize. 

CLIENT: Well, that's not your fault. I'm sure it's not your decision to make. 

AGENT: My 79 am and yes maam Citibank as you can mobile call us we'll credit card. I did to Rich we are receiving a call of all you. 

CLIENT: Take it over who Costco. 

AGENT: So, yeah, it's me, I'm just curious who they take a. 

CLIENT: Over this time. 

AGENT: Going to school is that maam call, the school credit cards. 

CLIENT: How okay, it's not something I'm familiar with but okay that. That's funny though cause all these things are now becoming make it banks, which they weren't supposed to be but we'll leave that to our next person and to figure out that's be on the need to know all you can do is. Oh well. Hope for the best anyway, what I really called for if you pour gentleman who's had to listen to me as I just got an offer in the mail and it's on two cards. Hopefully you can do both of them. Otherwise, I'll have to sit in line for 24 minutes again and then I'll go cry. 

AGENT: No dear I don't I I don't. 

CLIENT: It'll be 1.99 the rate until 3117 and I so I just in case I had to buy anything bigger something why now I get it on there. I don't use the card that often but you know it is a 1.99 suppose God forbid I had to buy I don't know what the same air conditioners sounds tempting big, you know what I. 

AGENT: And I. 

CLIENT: The 1.99 is supposed to it 12.2 phone number. 

AGENT: And I was I had it when I. 

CLIENT: I don't know why I can't stand waiting on the phone. I can't stand them, you know, but if they didn't play the music you wouldn't think anyone was there. So I don't have an answer for him. Cause people talking about your products and stuff or even more. I know, I mean, so I don't have an answer for me, but that music just dries. I have no patience for it. You know what it is we I think we as citizens out patio to people over the public we spend way too much time on hold and citibank's not paying me. So most I have and uses 1.990 and it'll be worth it. Oh you want to say a crazy crazy. 

AGENT: No, I don't know I don't know I just. 

CLIENT: I think most people are a patient and you know you call your insurance company you wait online for 45 minutes. I left I recently purchased new health insurance and the sales people answer to chew minutes, but when you called and asked a benefit question five minutes, 40 minutes speak with you today. 

AGENT: Oh, I and maam are you coming from. 

CLIENT: Yeah, it's really a great well. They even called sales back just to tell him cause the answer to get in less than two minutes. And I said that's great now that I purchased your policy cause I just went and the lady was like the people don't know what to do is make at least I'm not nasty. I'm just stating a fact. 

AGENT: Absolute no maam not. 

CLIENT: Mark, I let me give you this is 1.99. I only have the last three digits here. I can go get and if you need. 

AGENT: I have that information maam can you verify your name. Please? No maam, that's all been made United why at this and I now have access to your thank you thank you preferred MasterCard account miss Lynn and on this account. I see that you are enrolled in a promotional all false reading all your new Fortress is will be at 1.99% interest wouldn't get as much for stuff 2017. 

CLIENT: So I was already enrolled or are you just enroll me. 

AGENT: You are already enrolled and then. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Let you know on yours on the not the credit card maam. Alright. Have that information Israel that the 15th same credit card that you have and um, but it's got account. Can you verify the security war? 

CLIENT: Oh boy that could I'd like to. 

AGENT: I'm sorry man, but in my Rye and maam give me mad if I one word at the time, so that I can verify it. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry I thought it. 

AGENT: Thank you so I now have access to your City and give me a message. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm less to change that at one time. Sorry. I thought it was my mother's maiden name. 

AGENT: A day like to change the security would maam. 

CLIENT: Yeah let's put it back to creatively happen over the years, I know, which ones where are my favorite of the referral. But then since then I've had and and we'll see how long the new ones last I don't think cats of what they used to be. The other one was incredibly long, class. We have one cat that my nephew has it's like 27th going on 2022 years. We called the oldest living cat, but anyway, you poor guy I'm really around up they should make me wait. It so I'll citibank's phone. Thank you are very very. Good with all this you just okay, whatever I listened to the crazy lady I hate to. 

AGENT: I know I. 

CLIENT: Claimant. 

AGENT: Why I understand maam, we do not. 

CLIENT: It and it's making me not want to go cause I didn't lose my energy, but I tried yesterday and believe it or not I actually gave up yesterday up and I thought that's not fair. The offer me 1.99 and then I can't get through to them and I know you can do it on your computer that my son tonight to check and the stories. He told me he would call your hair like really well the scariest they really will scary. I have the world trade is here. I swear you tells me. I mean like this is they do people do all kinds of crazy things susannah trying to prevent that but. 

AGENT: No problem and can you verify can you give me the security what that you would like to add on the six. 

CLIENT: Yeah, it's gonna make sure on the other one that is we don't even think anybody living has that name anymore. We tried to find ancestry and and he living relatives. The only ones are like in slovakia and I am not going there. That's way across the world. 

AGENT: Can you spell that out for me man? 

CLIENT: I don't think that anymore that was my. 

AGENT: No I haven't heard about I don't right. 

CLIENT: I think my mom came out went mom's family came over from Alice silence, you know like to allocate meetings or whatever they want whatever I think it's close, but I don't think it's the right. My mother is 96 so I don't know I am noting that but I'm just amazed work. I I feel sorry for you that's cause I drink coffee well I'm leaning. 

AGENT: So maam would do you have any of that account to Sydney. 

CLIENT: I just want to check that one and we never did cover the last four numbers. 

AGENT: Yes, maam, I'm know man, I'm so sorry. This is the one man my apologies. 

CLIENT: Hi Kay very good so that were done I've got 1.99 until 3117 on both these cards and Outlook job is to try to remember if I have to buy something, but that's not your problem. Thank you for being so patient, I appreciate it and I should let you go to the next person. So I don't hold for 24 minutes. 

AGENT: Sure, Ms. Because of the inconvenience that you've been through from Citibank. I am a blank $10 credit on your account. This is just a small a Goodwill gesture maam. This is done. We let you know that I'll be a really sorry to keep you waiting too long on your sandwich you today I'm. 

CLIENT: Okay, very good. Thank you very much. 

AGENT: You're welcome maam. 

CLIENT: Like I say anything and you are very patient. Man, so I hope the records or phone calls because you have been quite nice about all this. I think you would have a great day. 

AGENT: You didn't really enjoyed that book on with these give me if you maam so thank you for being such a nice person to talk to you you'd be doing it. I was nice customer to talk over the phone. 

CLIENT: Okay, bye bye now. 

AGENT: Nick and everything else. 

|100070 
