AGENT: Thank you for calling customer service, you know I can talk to you this is Jasmine speaking may have your name please on the account up here may have the last four of your social please. Thank you and how can I hope out today. 

CLIENT: Well, I know they tell me that I need to I have to dig my membership number. 

AGENT: Okay may have a membership number is. Okay, just bear with me. Could you verify your address please? 

CLIENT: Had to me and zip code was. 

AGENT: Okay, so it's. 

CLIENT: Yes, I. 

AGENT: Okay, I'm just putting the request and if you could just bear with. So I was loading the system there was really appreciate your Pace. 

CLIENT: I want. 

AGENT: Will happen is I'll put the request and and and within two weeks. You'll receive a new card it will have the same credit card number and information the only difference would be for the membership number. 

CLIENT: Well, I got my new credit card. Would you like to have to do this? This is a call. So I was you know executive member. This is a number on that because when I went to class which is they told me that I had a call and I don't know was just the number was and activated did that we got a new Visa cards just to the card. 

AGENT: Planet with a. So I went ahead and updated that so zip code as well on the Verizon. Soon as you know, I was I was service. 

CLIENT: It's just a membership card. You know not the credit card. 

AGENT: Okay, so that would make a difference on your credit. 

CLIENT: And which of the way so. 

AGENT: We just wanna make sure you have the most updated information. It's. So that's okay, and did you have any other questions. I can help out with. 

CLIENT: No that's it you know good one I like to go shopping, you know the executive membership card had to be I don't know updated or whatever I get you know because of the change. 

AGENT: And did you have any other questions that I can help out with that. 

CLIENT: Now that that you have in. 

AGENT: I will thank you so much for your time and hope you have a great day. 

CLIENT: So now is because the if you have kids and I was just calling. 

AGENT: Yes is updated in the system. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, thank you very much. You're welcome. Okay. You have a good day. 

AGENT: Is? 

|100086 
