AGENT: Welcome to say this is Bernadette they have your name please. Thank you and I'll consider and I help you with your advantage card today. 

CLIENT: I got one, you know the city or whatever. And I got in the mail one. This is then is miles, I guess 49900, whatever then I got in the mail does it have you sold the car here. This is a business, but selective a replacement card from a a little is an addition. 

AGENT: Okay, this is card and personal cards are both different classrooms, but let me take a look on your account just give me one moment. I you can I own I own when you get to your Platinum card to your personal card, but not your best and it's going to be you know, I don't have any. 

CLIENT: And it's just me. I don't know if if you wanted to I just wondering if not I will because the book tends to like back, um, I don't get the extra miles my personal was like a like you guys are offering and this is on the back. 

AGENT: Well, I'm not pretty sure that the insurance is that did you receive another card under your name. 

CLIENT: Don't know no, I didn't I just got a. What your business world experience in the Venice and this is due by this car plus 50000 miles lease my my I was there. I have right now is 49900 plus they were gonna give me a 50000 more for getting this card. 

AGENT: I know, that's usually have you applied for a City this and that. 

CLIENT: I just only been offered and replace one for the other wasn't cancelled. I mean you get the other one. 

AGENT: Village car, if you actually completely different your dealer they're plotting and it's a business card to want to get off and it here person I'll call you so if you wanted to apply for this is Carly dollars that would be a different. 

CLIENT: No, no, I don't need one because I'm not of much use that much travelling anymore. I've got and then my retired now. Yeah, so I was just curious if I can get the extra miles from the if I apply for one and then cancel the other of the still have a little time because I had used to be Scott play with against. 

AGENT: I understand well, it's up to your decision. If you want to cancel this Platinum card and I which but this is Cora have a different. 

CLIENT: I live in the in the only five's out of this. 

AGENT: Well, you are calling to to actually earning more benefits. I think as far as I know, you're anyone military dollars spent on your purchases and you're into military dollars find an eligible an American Airlines with and you have already told to look in the land of miles points a 50878 miles points, which is actually. 

CLIENT: I used to get you know they made me apartment and whatever go million miles. 

AGENT: Oh really 05797. 

CLIENT: Gonna go for there. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. Okay, I will get one X or nine years. 

CLIENT: When I used to have go. Yeah, but that's okay. I was just curious I just going through this one up in the okay and I. 

AGENT: Iraq answer my pleasure Mr. Have a great day. Thank you. Could you can see any for 13 years? Okay. 

CLIENT: You. Okay, bye. Thank you. 

|100079 
