AGENT: Hi, there my name. Yeah, I'll go from Citi cards token said to help you. 

CLIENT: Hi, um, I was just calling to say that I'm lost my card. So I wanted to to cancel the card. 

AGENT: Thank you very much. They didn't fall me to smell. I would be glad to change the number and send you a new card with a new number for you. So that no one can just use your card. Okay. Okay. And let me check the last charge. So that you both make sure a card. It's not been misused. Okay. So the last year, I don't to sit down. 

CLIENT: The last charge that I use and I count was for shopper. Yeah, it was like $1 and change. 

AGENT: Let me check that for him before going further may. I have your full name please. Thank you so much. I can see the last child was yesterday from Max $31 is this yours. Oh this is not yours. 

CLIENT: No I. 

AGENT: Let me check some charges. Before that give me a moment to get. I'm checking in I'm give me a moment. Was July the seven from shop right so it's two. 

CLIENT: Far as that. 

AGENT: Yes, that's the $1.10. It's if you're a smoker, thank you so much. So let's we're gonna dispute that please. M X outage also give me a moment. Okay, please pay by the month. I am work number and give me one moment. And maam. Thank you very much and informed. I was one of these things and I would like to inform you that this credit card comes with and zero person forward liability. So by any chance any time. If you see any charge, which is not done by you are not authorized by you you're not liable to pay for the applicant. 

CLIENT: Okay, I think you. 

AGENT: You're welcome and looked into that before I submit this for investigation. Let's summarize what I have my dad's charge that was not made by you or an authorized user that's on July. The eighth 2016 the gym X $41 right. Thank you so much. Give me one moment you agree to. May I have your mailing address please. Thank you so much. And just let me run only sent the card maam it'll take five to seven business days to reach you. I bye. Check if I can do something for you and I can overnight the card for you. Okay. And whenever the overnight the Garden there be a fee for God that's $6 for each card. But let me check if I can remove the fee also for you. Okay. Thank you so much. Give me a moment. Oh, that's perfect, yes maam delete you with the next 24 to 48 hours. So by Tuesday to 8 PM you want to get your card maam and I do move the feed to overnight the card that $6 so without any fees you will get the card. 

CLIENT: Know. 

AGENT: Any more questions? If you can help you no. 

CLIENT: No, I know that I I miss my payment last week. It was I got paid on Friday so I couldn't really pay you guys. So I'm gonna. 

AGENT: I'm gonna need. 

CLIENT: And you guys like $70 next like this Friday coming up. 

AGENT: Thank you so much maam and once we receive that you're gonna be cut into for you around. 

CLIENT: Okay, I think you so you won't. 

AGENT: Any more questions that they can help you please. 

CLIENT: No that's it. 

AGENT: And I hope you are happy with the service, yes maam man. Thank you for calling Citi and have a nice day. 

|100090 
