AGENT: Katy, my name is Christine may I have your name as it appears on the card you have a City. Thank you preferred card. How can I help you today sir? 

CLIENT: I'm I had to actually I I try to use my card about an hour ago and it was for. 

AGENT: Refused and then I I got home. 

CLIENT: And there was a message on my phone that that was fraudulent activity. I called that number um, but by mistake. I pressed one to verify. 

AGENT: Okay the. 

CLIENT: Charge, which is verify that it was my charge when it was not where I'm not sure what it was actually. 

AGENT: I understand sir, and alright, let me go ahead and check here. Alright, so I'm sure just to verify these transactions from stop and shop um, no I can write. 

CLIENT: No that's not correct well the message was. 

AGENT: Get that in place. 

CLIENT: Stop and shop and said stop or something. I don't know we're shop, but it was just sent to us. So I wasn't sure if it was the if it was my activity or not if it was for $100 on the card and Dennis Massachusetts stop and shop and that is. Okay that is my. 

AGENT: I did. 

CLIENT: That's the transaction that was with you. I'm not sure why but. 

AGENT: I understand how about this transaction service is www. To make them use it. 

CLIENT: Before. Yeah, I think that was that was from Canada, but I think that was the one that would have been a little while ago I believe. And that was. Okay, do you have the amount amount and the date it would have been maybe a month ago may be either and $90 or 100 and a little bit of over 100 or something. 

AGENT: Yes, alright 14332. 

CLIENT: Yeah that would be okay, but that was a while ago that shouldn't. 

AGENT: Yes, cause actually I don't see or any other a decline purchases. 

CLIENT: So that so the reason for the call was just the attempted $100 purchase that I tried about an hour ago and a minute. Okay, so that's that's definitely which it a minute. So, yeah, I'm not sure why that was for but that's okay. 

AGENT: So I guess. 

CLIENT: And we should be. Okay, and there's nothing else comes up as. 

AGENT: Yes, sir that's the only one and it was declined I don't know maybe they're inside Rice through the automated. I did I did I didn't mean to. 

CLIENT: Verified, but I pressed one instead of two but now that you tell me what specifically as long as it was or stop and $7 and it was definitely legitimate so I think I don't have it sounds like we're okay. 

AGENT: Alright, see is that the only charge here. 

CLIENT: I don't. 

AGENT: I didn't and that was that. 

CLIENT: Would have been fine just because a moment to wait from. 

AGENT: Home or something. Yes, sir, and thank you. My new address are aware when you purchase. 

CLIENT: Well, it was just that stop and shop, which is where I work but it was I met visiting a family and on the other side of the state, so it's not where I usually. 

AGENT: Go to shop it is yes. I was probably sir. 

CLIENT: Yeah, okay, all right well keep nine statement and I appreciate your help. You too bye bye. 

AGENT: Thank you bye bye. 

|100081 
