AGENT: Hi welcome to City my name is so she bought me. I know your name may I know your full name. Hi Kim, how are you doing today. 

CLIENT: I'm good thank you. 

AGENT: Good to know that cause I was home is it to help you today. 

CLIENT: And I'm planning I'm travelling next week on the Wednesday. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: Is going to Spain? Okay friends. Okay and I. 

AGENT: Okay man ill during the day. 

CLIENT: Okay, I'm gonna be traveling from the 13th. 

AGENT: July the 13th. 

CLIENT: Yes, July the third to July 13th. 

AGENT: July told to talk to you. 

CLIENT: Yes 30. 

AGENT: Yeah she'll, sir. I will go ahead and update that to have a plan for you just give me two minutes here. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I got two cards, I want to make sure that both cards. 

AGENT: How? She also and another one as far as I'll try to use and. 

CLIENT: This cause I. 

AGENT: And other thought is for all tries to consider you're talking about though you have some different card number. 

CLIENT: Not a simcard, I think you can same card number. If I'm not mistaken, it's under that my wife. 

AGENT: Yeah. Alright, no problem, sir. I will definitely help you with back. Yes, just give me two minutes one thank you. Invesco. Oh France, Metropolitan, it's just friends. 

CLIENT: I'm gonna be going to Paris France and different places and friends and everything for. 

AGENT: Okay, sure all right. 

CLIENT: Hey. 

AGENT: I'll try to use the results of going along with you. I'll try a few things also going along with. 

CLIENT: Yes, yes. 

AGENT: Oh, okay. Italy, France and to Spain and do you have a departure, date is July the 13th and you would be back on July the 30th right. 

CLIENT: That's correct. Thank you. 

AGENT: I'm it's a as I have updated the information on your account. I have a bid to go travel know what on your account. So I'm just going to read some information for you I have updated your account or with your travel plans. Please? Keep in mind you can notify us also upcoming travel online at Citi cards.com. What's gonna benefit don't feel God dad get is a no foreign transaction for you and put use this. Okay and please make a little bit off the phone number on the back off your card you can contact us at any time and they would need to be notified immediately. If you a call it is lost or stolen. We me a time to contact you if we see so so she was activity so for your records, please record this stuff friend's number to use as a verification was traveling and the number is. 

CLIENT: Give me one second. 

AGENT: Yeah that's. 

CLIENT: Okay. I have a question for you and I'll try to make another payment on my account. The balance is you're right and I wanna be able to make and I've been in Spain clock and I do that because I want to happen thousand dollars is going to be needing a new card. Okay. How do I can you because when I try to make extra payments. It's telling me that you can't because your balance is zero. 

AGENT: Okay is that about to your if you did nothing I'm gonna see if he's done to the last four of the card number. Okay, and I just joined do it. I mean, even due and that it would have been and as zero this week. Check you have made a payment on your account right. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I made a payment but I wanna make another payment you want to make it because the balance is zero. 

AGENT: Okay, let me just check that. Okay, let. Oh, okay, so you made the payment for $3028.81 right. 

CLIENT: Yeah. That's correct. 

AGENT: One, it is the order didn't progress and let me check your the information and you made it to the on the right and I'll and 1 PM. 

CLIENT: Yeah, but what I'm saying is that if I want to make another payment to increase my spending you give me a. 

AGENT: Okay, so I don't know doing please go credit to mid to you do not have any need to do see your account. It's something that you really need to cry on the system if the system and I was asked to increase your credit and it or not okay. 

CLIENT: Now, but that's my question if I wanna pay for I want to you the number if I wanna pay more on my card to have or to credit it does this is Stan. He's not letting me make a payment. 

AGENT: Yeah, okay, got it. Got your question, let me check. Yes, are you have to the balance is right now. It's zero school that you do make more payment on your account more extra three months. 

CLIENT: Okay. So if I want to increase I just want to go online and request that that's the anyway, I can get it. 

AGENT: Doing three's a credit limit. 

CLIENT: Not not increase that's what I'm trying to tell you if I want to make an extra payment. 

AGENT: How do I you know once it or you cannot make that stop payment on your account funded on this York there's a total balance showing on your account will need then you can make a payment. Otherwise if the balance of the system is showing then you can make any extra payment on your account. 

CLIENT: Okay. Alright, thank you so much. 

AGENT: You're welcome. So is there anything else? I can help you with today. 

CLIENT: No that's okay. 

AGENT: Okay, sir and thank you for letting us know about your travel plans and I hope you would have a great trip. 

CLIENT: Thank you so much. Okay you want. 

AGENT: You calling you have a great night bye bye. 

|100085 
