AGENT: Thank you for calling Citi. My name is Nick gonna have any please. 

CLIENT: I have to see if they've been caught and one days and I don't wanted to cost for one. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: So I'm set up an online account with the call school earlier on today, but yeah and a lot of these cards so I tried to set up on the but it is showing me that it's already but still it's some well, I'm not able to see 9000 on the online account. 

AGENT: I was there when you sign on to your online account or you don't see it that the Advantage. Yeah, I just got it. Okay. Okay. How much of the Advantage card? Number so that I can check the details for you. 

CLIENT: It's 5466. 

AGENT: Perfect. Thank you very much for that information sir, give me just a second here let me go ahead. And check that card. Information, so that I can see that I was a kid which user ID this account is registered with. Alright, so it's just for the verification purposes. Could you please verify your favorite? Please give me thank you very much for that verification, sir. Let me take a quick look on your account here to make sure that everything is fine. Okay. So let me make sure that this card is already registered. Okay. Yep Costco anywhere Visa card. And you are a Citibank consumer the advantage card is linked together. So can you sign onto your account right now and see if it showed talk to you so that I can. 

CLIENT: I have now would it be to do it on the. 

AGENT: Absolutely should be with you but I'm that I want to go sign on right away and check if it's available. 

CLIENT: I need to give you a call. I don't know it's on a second. 

AGENT: But in there okay. 

CLIENT: If that over either they can verify that there's another card on the. 

AGENT: I'm sorry, can you see the cost of partner. 

CLIENT: You know, I can see the possible time, but I cannot see the end of this for. 

AGENT: You cannot see data limits cards. Okay. Give me just one moment here so if. 

CLIENT: Is over here that that needs to be selected and I'm guessing it's. 

AGENT: No, no no worries there must be something wrong to the account right now and you can assign off and sign back in and see if it works. 

CLIENT: So this. Want to go to school? 

AGENT: On the coast. Okay, that's strange I see I see about to come something with your with the same. He's already that's correct. Give me just one second. I'm your customer give me the time to talking to a different that just seems could you please verify to plead to get some the back off you if you kept of the kids and it's called. 

CLIENT: Of three digits on the back. 

AGENT: Thank you very much and okay. So you are you on this account is on. 

CLIENT: Okay, yeah. 

AGENT: And I'm trying to log in with a different user ID and that user ID is registered for for the authorized users and also you so I believe you're taking to do just for the authorized user. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, that's fine. 

AGENT: It's I don't this is with this user ID and see if we can also. 

CLIENT: Let me try. 

AGENT: So I'm I'm pretty sure it's kind of a. 

CLIENT: So it allows me to sign on but I can go through because it's saying that do need to set up your security profile. Alright. 

AGENT: Les left side of this is cutie questions on accounts are you have to select one questions on the Stockton and your and you can I do. 

CLIENT: And 11 that I. 

AGENT: I unfortunately doesn't allow me to do that because it's on the you looking to get a question is if you are to your account. 

CLIENT: Okay, the number you took online this would be 541 the phone. 

AGENT: Well, you can only access your account information and also use it down the address that account. Information so D's two accounts gonna be a better. Okay, it's I don't know I don't number the sim card number. 

CLIENT: Know they had both have the same card number I have to work. I was like in front of me. 

AGENT: I mean for you said to call us a call my name is it would be the card please a band aid manage calling for Citibank advantage called know medicine, which account are you looking to see if you can if you log into that account that's gonna show you a Justin Justin details and that and that and these are going to zero status I guess. 

CLIENT: Okay, I think I'm going to give you a thing that what the cost by about 22 and four and want to take on how about that I. 

AGENT: Football or ice I see that's for the advantage card to you have to offer you sir. Okay. 

CLIENT: Yes, but over there and they have the same phone number. 

AGENT: You do have the same ticket number that's part of that. 

CLIENT: Okay, and I'm not able to see any of these guards on that information. Okay muscle car and I can see all those of the cost for one and I can hear it on this one. 

AGENT: Said that it was don't worry. It's a moment to select a security question Central Street. Further, you will see your Citibank manage caught any Acosta call together let's do that. 

CLIENT: Okay, because I did the IP when you do log in the C d.com and then do it. 

AGENT: Okay. So are using this and the phone to access internet help desk that's why you're having troubles can you go to google Chrome and your telephone. If you have to. 

CLIENT: I don't know I have the supply you've been with. 

AGENT: Okay, I can go to a desktop version. Also fiery. Okay doesn't of the week let's go to Debbie Debbie W dot my city.com speaker your fault, I mean. 

CLIENT: I'm actually on the bill be good so. 

AGENT: So go to my c.com and sign on get an option, which is a new order. So do you call it if you select that. Okay, it would give you an option to view full site forgot your full site and then you got a log in and you can click to go to question on this. I was gonna ask. 

CLIENT: Okay. So let me change to that and they play like you might be on the phone for like one to two minutes. 

AGENT: I don't know if I can if I can be on hold with you sooner that's perfectly fine. Thank you thank. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm hearing smoking on hold and I I think that was able to do that into that account. So I'm putting that to be added on to try right now and you want me to try to look for forward to call us for one. 

AGENT: What's going on that page and you will see a cost Crescent. 

CLIENT: Okay, I. Receive this call is call on this. One so that is fine. I mean, I don't there's not gonna be able to call and. 

AGENT: So I'm sorry, I couldn't hear that so are you not able to see that account. So you're able to see that account. 

CLIENT: No, I don't know I think with the C the costs going on with this is good idea. So I think both are separated and then you could let me look at a later. 

AGENT: And I just see that you see scripts. Right right. I mean, give me just a moment here. Okay, that's the one thing. I do you have a Costco card handy. Okay, what I have to to to do some the on the back of the costs to talk to. The three digits on the back of the costs across a Cv and what about your email address been verified can you sign off from my account and sign back in and I'm doing buddy showed from you're gonna see that comes off. 

CLIENT: So just give us a. Yep, I can see. 

AGENT: Terrific. Congratulations, sir. Everything is perfectly fine. So it was just that your updates and it's called was not activated and has a good question from Canada so you couldn't you couldn't see that how do you ever smoke. I think it's perfectly fine now and everything has now been taken care of I think it was. 

CLIENT: Find a lot of the city. 

AGENT: So, thank you very much for your cooperation and for you about it but time and I wish you a wonderful day. I had and I was nice we can just take it. 

CLIENT: You too bye. Thank you bye. 

|100076 
