AGENT: Thank you for calling sending. My name is Leah may please have the name on your card. Thank you. Ms. Circle there. I have your City Diamond preferred MasterCard and I believe you're calling to make a payment over the phone. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: Right, I can definitely assist you with that are going to use your checking account for the payment. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: Okay, how much everything today sir. 

CLIENT: And pay the balance. 

AGENT: Last statement balance or. 

CLIENT: To 7106. 

AGENT: Can you please verify the last four of your checking account. 

CLIENT: Checking account sure. Check and you can. 

AGENT: The name of your bank. 

CLIENT: Philosophy. 

AGENT: Thank you and your name as it appears on your checks are. And right sir, please record the payment. Then your checkbook registry do not mail a check to Citibank. One payment is processed. No changes corrections or cancellations can be made. So that is 271 and $0.06. Alright, your payment religious the balance and available credit real time and Les a payment. So it is applied and I have the confirmation number sir. Would you like to take down of your confirmation number would you like me to send it to you. 

CLIENT: Just email it to. 

AGENT: And can you please verify your email address. That is actually what we have on your file sir so. Yes, a confirmation has been sent already sir. Anything else? I can help you with. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I want to credit increase. 

AGENT: She's go ahead and submit a request second. Alright, no sir on my credit. 

CLIENT: A report well nice to meet. 

AGENT: Like to provide an instant discussion. Okay. You may have your total annual income. If you are 21 or older you may include income from others that you can reasonably access to pay your bills you don't have to include outley Monique child. Support's are separate maintenance and if you don't want to consider disability. 

CLIENT: Thing resolved thousand. 

AGENT: May have your monthly mortgage or rent payment amount. 

CLIENT: 400. I'm you're often right, I mean you gets back man, I guess Gordon. 

AGENT: Sure, once I submit the request for this credit limit increase. We will not be able to make any changes. I have entered your total annual income is $55000 low and your six. 

CLIENT: 65, yes $5000. 

AGENT: Alright, so once I submit the request for this credit limit increase. We will not be able to make any changes. I have entered you're doing a regular income and $65 and dollars and your monthly mortgage a rent payment amount that's $400. When you like me to continue? Can you please verify your mailing address or. 

CLIENT: I don't. 

AGENT: Sure have you already submitted a request and that's off this time. We're unable to increase the limit automatically. 

CLIENT: Or? 

AGENT: Right away and an explanation will be sent to you within seven to 10 days. 

CLIENT: Screw you you know. 

AGENT: You know, I'm showing here sure that's. 

CLIENT: I'll talk to. 

AGENT: Are not able to get in. 

CLIENT: After last year for. 

AGENT: Increase. 

CLIENT: Thought I'd ask. 

AGENT: Already seen. 

CLIENT: Similar size once in a while for. 

AGENT: Anything else, I can help you with Mr. Colton. 

CLIENT: Yeah, you could give me the mega millions numbers that's helpful. I'll share it with. 

AGENT: Yeah, if I again, I will go talk to people. 

CLIENT: Something that save you Adam you would be answering the phone right now right. 

AGENT: That's right. This is say, I appreciate your time to do is I'll Garden and hope you have a great weekend. 

CLIENT: Alright you too. 

AGENT: Thank you your life, you know. 

|100078 
