AGENT: So the bank customer service. My name is Singh maggot your name please. Thank you. If you have that and hoping to help you might be good. Thank you. Preferred freeze a call at. 

CLIENT: I was I got and offer for five and interest. 

AGENT: Okay, so. Okay so much. I know, it's I believe the office good until 2017 right not 2007. 

CLIENT: So correct. 

AGENT: Okay. So let me just some I'm some only to worry about that. Let me just quickly check the account details for you. Okay. Okay, so by the time, I'm getting the account to totally opposed to for us. I can take the details that the S right now you have the opportunity to make that Bush isn't a certain account at the rate the 5.99% which is good until March. First 2017 on you and you put your so before enroll you for the cellphone maam. I'm just waiting on some important information. I just a question please listen carefully to the promotional rate. The 5.99% is valid until March. First 2017 on you and you purchase this off of the promotional period any unpaid from which the balance on this offer with the charged the standard budget is a Pr currently 13.24% and this is a Pr bit of a bit the market based on the Prime rate that's awful to be activated immediately on your account only eligible for choosing between today and the offer and dates let me see if this promotional rate. Okay. 

CLIENT: Um, yes, and if I understand it correctly at this very moment in time. Hey P R is variable and it's 13.2. 

AGENT: Okay, so maam right. Okay. You're in North ball and all for that. If you make any new porch is on your account there was much closer 17th. Um, today's date. Okay. After this call nine all of those purchases will be charged interest rate of 5.99 for shipping. 

CLIENT: Right and and then it'll go to the rate that I'm currently at now. 

AGENT: Exact number, I'm sorry exactly. 

CLIENT: Gonna be a new higher rate at the end of this it's just gonna go back to what it. 

AGENT: So I'm a totally depends up on the Prime rate. If there's any change in the primary. Okay. And then they would be a change and I'm part from that there would be no. 

CLIENT: Okay, then yes, I would like. 

AGENT: Okay, and I'm I haven't already put this off and on. So now you can go to and use the card. Okay. When you put your this and that would be charged and closer to 5.99 per cent, but I'm done much but it's 2017. You're welcome I'm so apart from this anything else I can do. 

CLIENT: Could you connect? 

AGENT: Sure, maam, so you can go to make the payment over the phone with me as well and then would be no fee for that. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, sure I'd like to make. 

AGENT: Sure, maam, so for making the payment are you going to use a checking account or your debit card and could you please verify me the last four digits of your checking account number. Thank you and maam could you please verify me the name of the bank. Thank you so much for verifying all the details and I'll me I know that's how much would you like to pay today as the minimum due is $230.32. Okay, so thank you so much for your time you payments now and once the payment is processed. No changes convictions a cancellations can be made. Okay, and I do need to confirmation number for this payment. 

CLIENT: I would love. 

AGENT: Oh sure maam, so that would be yes maam. 

CLIENT: Thanks. 

AGENT: You're welcome I'm so forth on this or anything else I can. You're welcome maam so thank you so much for calling Saturday. My you have a great if we can. 

CLIENT: To but back. 

|100083 
