AGENT: To get cards customer service. My name is Christal may have the name as it appears on your card. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry what. 

AGENT: May have the name as it appears on your card. Alright nice here from today miss already doing that. 

CLIENT: Oh good. 

AGENT: Hi, there, how can I help you today. 

CLIENT: I was calling to let you know that I can't find my card. 

AGENT: The way, she's. Okay, would you like to receive the new card with a different account number. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry what. 

AGENT: If you would like I can go ahead and send you a new card with a different account number. 

CLIENT: Yes, thank you. 

AGENT: Okay one moment. So we're going to cancel this card number to make sure that no one has access to your old account and we're also going to verify the most recent transactions to make sure that there are no charges on the account. Okay. Okay. Hi, so much so that most recent charge that I'm seeing here is last June 27th ISO on the $40.75. 

CLIENT: Yes, that's the correct charge. Can you read one before that? Just that's an automatic charge. I'm sure the card's not loss insurance in a pocket or something I but I've looked everywhere and I'm just afraid and I think you know. 

AGENT: Again, so this is Arthur charged June 24th smuck Tasha mad to call four to 4806. 

CLIENT: Yes, that's fine. There's nothing I I listen to that I just they didn't say who they were too, but all those are totally fine. 

AGENT: Okay and can you please verify your billing address. Alright, perfect so I'm not. Okay, so I have to permanently canceled this card number effective immediately. I know that's house number lo this tablet she within 24 hours. No, I have requested for the new cards to be expedited $6 to leave for expedited card. But since you're a valued client of City was going to we've got for you. Okay. 

CLIENT: I will thank you very much. 

AGENT: You're very much welcome them and email will be sent to you by Fedex providing the tracking number of the card can you please verify your email address. 

CLIENT: Yes this. 

AGENT: Alright, perfect and I will also send you an email confirmation that your records that I have to dispute it. I mean that I have we've be expedited for you. Okay and you'll receive it in the cards not later than Tuesday and want to receive the card kind to call us back. So that we can activate it. Okay. 

CLIENT: Thank you. 

AGENT: Alright, so everything else that I can help you with this. I don't know that's. 

CLIENT: Know I okay. 

AGENT: I was. 

CLIENT: I just get some note in the mail about some low promotional rate is waiting for you. I don't know what that. 

AGENT: Okay, let me check. 

CLIENT: You know, I don't need it because I don't I don't ever let us go out. It's just still 312. I don't think it's anything I would use. 

AGENT: Okay. This right now. 

CLIENT: Okay. Thank you very much. 

AGENT: If you very much welcome them and thank you for letting us know about this and protesting us with your finances for more than 21 years now. Have a great day. Okay. 

CLIENT: Thank you bye. 

AGENT: You're welcome maam bye. 

|100075 
