AGENT: Thank you for choosing Patty. My name is Dino and they have your credit card number please. Oh, okay. They have your name your a debit Master card. 

CLIENT: How are you? 

AGENT: I don't. 

CLIENT: Made a payment June 16, and 18 and be participating if you do. You have to this interest. Checking so what it means. 

AGENT: I see. 

CLIENT: I did talk to you. Okay. Thank you for going to charge me it's information. 

AGENT: Oh I see well let me take a look what happened to your email and then why you were still charged interest. I'm gonna help you out with okay. 

CLIENT: To. 

AGENT: And just before we continue I need your security password for verification please. 

CLIENT: To give you my love this and this and that and. 

AGENT: Yeah, it could be thank you, that it's correct. And just give me a moment here to review your payment and you were account information. Okay. Alright, um from what I see here your payment on June the one that is paid on time the $25 that is for the June 16, but the rest of the balance was already copy on June 18th. So it was already after that, due date the rest of the balance was not be within that, due date is why it was that says interest art. 

CLIENT: Two choices, I can make a payment to you on Tuesday. 

AGENT: It has to be paid in full on the due date on or before the due date point the interest charges. So if he only pay partial on the due date the rest of the balance will still be subject for interest art. 

CLIENT: I didn't know that there are people willing to do. So do you think you get every month or two and. 

AGENT: Um for the payment. It's not being used on the billing period and the Regents I'll be here transaction. You are additional fees and charges shows up on a billing period, but the amount that will be at says for the interest charges on the payment. Date, so if it's not great info on or before the due date. Alright, it's gonna be subject for interest starts well since you are not aware and discuss what I can do for you it at least put some credits here. I mean, I'll be able to waive the full interest charged to that account. But as a courtesy I'll be I just think $10 off your next month's statement. Okay. 

CLIENT: Two sisters are you can in the system, yes, it said to call these are people who if you get the pay, off, date. On so if you can to to I need to call this are you. 

AGENT: Just to clarify that that that need to be paid in full before the due date not. 

CLIENT: Your knowledge, I just got it. 

AGENT: Gonna help you. $10 off your next month's bill. 

CLIENT: And that. You thank you so much. Thank you also my I did you can do your managers in the tournament 89920, excuse me, March 2017 or purchase one. 

AGENT: Yes, it's only for a new purchase. Let me get more information about that just give me a. 

CLIENT: Okay all. 

AGENT: And thank you so much for bringing that to our attention. So it shows here 1.99% until March. First 2017 and it looks like it's not chat activate it. Let's see if we can activate this by phone. Okay. 

CLIENT: Basically I think. 

AGENT: Yes, we're gonna try that now and let me just read to you the important information before we can submit your activation. Request, so the promotional rate of 1.99%. It's valid until March. First 2017 on your new purchase and after the promotional period. I need promotional balance from this offer will be charge the standard Bridge. If it's a Pr currently 19.24%. We are we're very with the market be on the Pri breed this offer will be activated immediately on your account on the eligible purchase made between today and the offer and they will receive this promotional rates. Okay. To graduation, so this is already activated good to go. So your new fridge if this will have that promotion on right. Okay. And one more thing the bonus for this quarter for the 5% cash back between July. First 2016 and September 32016 as out for you that you make it from hotels and Resort to get into health and portfolio and car rentals and there's no additional cost for this bonus will go ahead and activate this or that you can maximize rewards or the or anything to get when you use it on this special categories. Okay. 

CLIENT: And I paid the 102 this is. 

AGENT: Um for the insurance. I don't know it's not gonna be included. It's just gonna be when you rent a car. 

CLIENT: To. 

AGENT: Alright, and I will have to be this just in case you get your card for the car rental. So get 5% for that. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay call me I'm trying to and spoke to. 

AGENT: Hotels and Resorts within Daniel thing apart for your friend. 

CLIENT: Okay, it will be two more. 

AGENT: Okay, the portfolio hotels and Resort. 

CLIENT: Okay, I think you can. 

AGENT: Allow me to re do the important information about that it's quieter spot have to complete this offer. Please be advised of that important information this additional cash back or and do a count toward the maximum cash back accumulation of $300 per calendar year. This offer start on the next business day off when you accept this offer or July. First 2016 whichever, it's later and will continue until September 32016 car rental agency 30, classified as much is that provide the short, term or long, term rentals on cars trucks or Van. We do not determine if I'm Rich and it's classified ads and Hilton portfolio brand or car rental agency, however, and they are generally classified beats up on the merchants primary line of business the reserve the right to determine which approach if it's qualify for this offer all purchases much people to stay during the promotional period. Would you like to accept this offer? Alright, thank you. Yeah, Julie and you have also activated your bill and it's for this quarter. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: You're welcome and thank you so much for doing business with City you have a wonderful day. Okay. 

|100096 
