AGENT: Thank you for calling Citi customer service in Florida. My name is Paolo and I have your name please. Thank you one moment. I can you please verify the primary card holder is name. 

CLIENT: It nice, but I don't we both have a card it's through a Costco. 

AGENT: Yeah, he's the primary thank you very much and can you please verify the mailing address. Thank you very much. Okay, I have the Costco Visa account pulled up. How may I help you today? 

CLIENT: Okay, I we had of course cards with no it's school and the school American Express. Okay, and I had bought purchased something to chico's and I got a credit coming cause I return something but I and they said that the only way they would that I could get the money now. It's $119.74 is through that card well. We don't have the American Express anymore. So I was just to Costco and they told me it should have been transferred into the Citibank card. So I wanted to see if that was their. 

AGENT: Okay, I'm and you said how much 190. 

CLIENT: Yes, and $0.74. 

AGENT: Okay, and that was the original purchase that she goes for 23150 and it's just a it's a partial refund. 

CLIENT: Right I had to return something. 

AGENT: Okay, so it's not showing up yet if it did get processed that they can process the return to the American Express card. It's just it'll just take a little bit longer to get to us used to be around you know three to four business days. 

CLIENT: Okay, then I should call back next week sometime right. Alright is there. Anyway, I can check it on the computer. 

AGENT: There is, yeah you have to go to city.com forward slash cost. It was set up and I want to and you want to use your husband's a membership card. I mean, I will be the card and you're gonna enter that information because he can see all the charges with your call you're only gonna be able to say your charges. 

CLIENT: Okay, it should come this credit should come actually on my card because I used to mine on the American Express. 

AGENT: Right and I mean, you'll be able to see this specific charge with either card because it was purchased with your card but as far as all of your other transactions. It's it's at this point, it's better to register his card first that way you can see all of the charges in the future and then if you wanted to register your card after that you certainly can do that as well. 

CLIENT: Okay. Thank you very much. 

AGENT: You're very welcome. You have a great day. 

CLIENT: Thank you you. 

|100073 
