AGENT: Thank you for choosing 15. My name is Abigail again and please have your name that appears on the card. Thank you so much. Okay. 

CLIENT: Well, I'm gonna run a quick, I'm just to fill in the blanks kind of question. I I did not pay my payment. This last month and the reason for it I had to go to the hospital quickly. I was raised to time. I should have been paying the bill and I didn't pay the bill. So I thought of that I call you and give you the reason why I didn't pay the bill. 

AGENT: Thank you so much for taking time to call us regarding the reason why you have in your your own. 

CLIENT: I think it's $130 or something $160 or something like that. I normally pay my balance every month. 

AGENT: Call me so your due date is today and your statement balance is 18641. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I was that you understand why I said I didn't pay the bill. 

AGENT: Yes are. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I just wanted to call it and get it on record. If that's necessary. 

AGENT: Okay, sure not a problem. So what I can do Anise to request for a need to suppression. 

CLIENT: So again. 

AGENT: I can up or actively your request for need to suppression change a valued. This is for the. I'll see what I can do. Okay. Hold on. 

CLIENT: I don't know what you say, I don't know what the term was it humid. What you meant by the term? I was long to do something. 

AGENT: If we can. Stop having this account being charged for the late fee since it won't gonna process or payments for it to be all right. 

CLIENT: Okay, that's what oh I did not understand what you meant. Okay. 

AGENT: Alright, you're very pleased to inform you that up on your reading your account your card qualifies for the fee suppression so. 

CLIENT: So wait. So that the one with to respect that statement, term use. 

AGENT: Yes, your card is Kylie five for late fees or promotions. 

CLIENT: See that statement since term again. I haven't heard this before sup something suppression what was that. 

AGENT: Yeah, so basically to gain simple terms and more and expecting any late fees and the address on the next statement things are able to request it it it. It should not be Isis and the account since I'm due to your hospitalization. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, and what was the term? You said something suppression what was the term, you'd. Alright see. Oh, I understand I did not catch that I'm so I'm sorry, I did not understand what you said. Okay, late fee suppression that major limited. Thank you very much for your help. So my next bill will just won't have any late fee. 

AGENT: Sure, not a problem. 

CLIENT: Thank you and when the next bill come out. 

AGENT: The next statement will print on the phone the 13th. 

CLIENT: Okay, well, I'm gonna be in and ran physical rehab. I ran into the hospitalization and the physical rehab afterwards. So I won't be home for another two weeks. So I'll pay the bill when I get home. 

AGENT: Alright will thank you so much for taking time to call us. It's not letting us know about your situation right now. 

CLIENT: Thank you very much maam. 

AGENT: You very much welcome and I mean you take care. Alright, and we heard of that do feel better soon. Okay. 

CLIENT: Thank you. 

AGENT: Thanks cause I know. 

CLIENT: Bye bye. 

|100089 
