AGENT: Hi, and welcome to Citi cards customer service. My name is Nick alina me. I have your name on the card some good evening. How can I help you with this City glad and I'm select that's on this account. 

CLIENT: Well, I have it I have a card this is gonna be showing up but I'm gonna charge is gonna be showing up on my account from a company called hydra flow and they want to charge me the maximum amount. I I had some work done on the. 

AGENT: Person might not of the. 

CLIENT: Coming into Warren and secondly, either it's I'm disputing that. That's what I'm saying and they charge me they're trying to charge me $1800. 

AGENT: I need what do you. I don't see any charge yet sir and one and it's hard to get supposed to be your account that you have a dispute for that service provided or not being authorized for da amount then you can always check back with this is we can open it to see look for you can even file to see if I'm nine once it's already posted. So you can look it up online to see to christ.com and you we do have a we do request that you get this if you did a smell something if you can see the card's. 

CLIENT: Okay, so I don't have to worry about it right now. 

AGENT: Alright, nothing I guess because I don't see any red could be up of the charges being made on the account. 

CLIENT: Okay. Alright, so I'll just go ahead and just not worry about it and I got like a month before that. 

AGENT: Well, right back, I cannot really got be scheduled to charge your card. But if you feel that there might be a risk involved them have been your card information and you would not like any future charges for the meat from them. Then we can always cancel this card number and send you a new one. We then your number. 

CLIENT: Okay, if it's not the line. Okay. 

AGENT: Right. Yeah, I want right now. 

CLIENT: Let this is he's trying to get me for more money. If he's not gonna be just reputable, but I mean, there's just it's it's a case where the guy wants to charge anything for everything first and then he'll determine what's covered under warranty and I don't bill it that's really right. So if you send the most of these things were charged for sent the wrong parts to. 

AGENT: Yeah, but I don't need that to be you have to actually in the past like in June or if you can hear me. 

CLIENT: $750 and they charged me $667 they changed. It. Originally was supposed to be $667 and then they've been the without telling me. 750. 

AGENT: Yeah, I thi 718 that they actually try show on that bill. Yeah that and there may still be on its way. 

CLIENT: And now I don't see yeah. 60257 so it's just it's just it's kind of I mean, they didn't even tell me that they were gonna. 

AGENT: Oh my well well give me a give me some or is that the if you have no it's just me any charge that they will believe the future that you like all kind of bring it back to our attention over the phone or online. So we can get those talents on your behalf. Okay. 

CLIENT: Okay, so when you think it would show out of it they put it on right now. 

AGENT: I normally safe they had the fans that the charge your card to be each of the lead to be showing on our records, but I don't see any record of the starship. 

CLIENT: Okay, all right. Okay, well, that's good enough. I am when you very much and then then at that point, I've got a little time right. 

AGENT: Yes, that's right. 

CLIENT: Okay. Thank you very much. 

AGENT: You're always welcome, sir. You have a great evening. Bye bye thanks bye. 

|100077 
