AGENT: Welcome to City line. It was funny gosh, how can I help you today. 

CLIENT: This is requesting a a credit line increase. 

AGENT: Oh certainly, sir. I'll go ahead and help you out with the credits nine increase so maam. I have your name please. Thank you for the verification is and I hope you did not have to wait for so long over to reach me. 

CLIENT: Only 20 minutes. 

AGENT: I don't know they'd like to hear about them thank you so much for being so patient with that sir so did you receive a letter stating you will get a credit and then with a cleaner are you requesting for the one on the other. 

CLIENT: I am requesting for one. 

AGENT: Okay, let me go ahead and take a request a crazy a credit and it wouldn't let see what the best we can offer you. Okay. Perfect just give me a quick moment. Here I get into the account through like that do you have access to your account. 

CLIENT: One moment. 

AGENT: And do if I go. And it seems that you have recently joined City buying it with the wonderful the payment history so I really like and when you do see the families for let me go ahead and take a request for the same now. Oh all right. So, unfortunately, we are unable to instant take approve, you know credited within countries at this time. If you would like our credit department to review your request for the credit bureau report to that would be quoted would you like to continue. 

CLIENT: Can you sorry, can you explain that a little bit what I can and I don't know. 

AGENT: I was here. Unfortunately, we are not of that increase it as is for the phone because it does it's it's just a few months. You have joined City buying and that's the reason because whenever you join anybody go any institution it may take up to six months to build a credit scores with the bank. I do see that you have an amazing be with his people to six months, I'd love to get completed on the account. So I have a $0.61. 

CLIENT: Let me place. 

AGENT: You want to cancel the card. Okay, don't you worry about that sir. I was go ahead and do it. What the best I can do? Give me a moment. Thank you. This is on your request. I will go ahead and close this account. Okay. And you receive a letter within seven to 10 days stating the same. Okay that your request has been processed. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: You're welcome sir anything else. I mean assist you with today regarding the six ounce or. 

CLIENT: No accounts close. 

AGENT: I certainly understand that sir. But then I I do nothing like whew losing as a customer sir, because you are really nice customer with Citibank sir and so I do you know that I was not able to help you at this point of time, but testing this is chuck Miller. If you would have requested it for just have to do three months. We would have definitely help you with your request for the credit. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry six months or two or three months. 

AGENT: I don't know it's not the it's complete it six months and six months can't be completed after two to three months, and that's the reason I was just asking did you just ring on for some time, but they're. 

CLIENT: Find another provider. Thank you very much appreciate your time. 

AGENT: Thank you so much. Thank you for calling Citi have a good day bye bye. 

|100074 
