AGENT: City got Services. This is a lot of my name is Andrea may I have your name as it appears on your card. 

CLIENT: Gonna be zone are you today. Good. Thank you very good. 

AGENT: There me here while I access your account could you verify the last. 

CLIENT: Four of your social. Thank you, date of birth, you know, I'm late on my cable because I've never had any notification not by email by now left and I'm wondering where it went. 

AGENT: One moment, let me take a look here well actually it shows here that your last statement should have been mailed out from American Express on the 14th of June. No worries because you don't appear to be late and there's no late charges. I delete one payment see here. Your your last payment was due on the ninth of July and I see you made a payment on the 10th for 188 so you're on your next statement is gonna cut from City on the 13th of July and that will be mailed out at midnight and you should allow five to seven business days to receive it. What the reasoning, yes maam? Your next due date is and going to be into August the ninth and you can make that payment over the phone at no charge you can register your account online. It. If you would like to view of your account. 

CLIENT: Alright and. 

AGENT: Statement any time and you feel like it you can make payments online or you can mail your money order or a check and are set up for auto pay. 

CLIENT: What else? Okay. Great. Yeah. Today is the 10th and I just need the one because they said it was due on the ninth. So I won't be charged a late charge for that. 

AGENT: Yeah, I was doing tonight have no worries and three with the um what the conversion and all we expected it to be some hiccups. Yeah. So let me see at the late charge. 

CLIENT: Jasmine on your account solution so that might not be home. Yeah. 

AGENT: It isn't it's not a late charge on the account. So there's not much I can do for you right. Now? I'm is Reba. However, when you do know what is the late charge on the account and I'm gonna go ahead and know Tate your account here. Just give us a call if the system doesn't automatically reversed for you give us a call we'll be more than. 

CLIENT: Able to get that removed. So bare me a while. I know Tate your account here one moment. Okay. 

AGENT: So I've gotten your account notated here and as I say that when you see that mate see if you see any just go ahead and give us a call um also. 

CLIENT: Let me see here. 

AGENT: Is that due date of the life is that a good day. 

CLIENT: For us to actually my social security, check doesn't come in until the third Wednesday of the month, so and that carries cause I make it the 20th of the month. 

AGENT: 20 and let me see if I have the 20th of. 

CLIENT: Have a boy here? We don't know man. And I do have a kit on the. 

AGENT: Alright, yeah, absolutely nation of the 20th for you and your upcoming statement will print within 30 to 60 days just continue sending in your payments into that do a reset the 20th all your state billing statement and would you like a email confirmation of the change. 

CLIENT: Gillette for you and I'm yes, please and do you have my right email. Right have you change it. 

AGENT: Verify your email address. 

CLIENT: Norm, all right no maam. I would need to update here for you. So I have a dog and the lien. 

AGENT: 786. 

CLIENT: At gmail. Okay, it's gmail.com. 

AGENT: By providing your email address you will be given it to Citibank to get used to seeing you account related information emails. I do you have any other accounts we would need to update. 

CLIENT: Your email address on today. No, I don't think you. 

AGENT: Not gonna go ahead and get that email confirmation out for you is there anything else. I can assist with today. 

CLIENT: Know if that's it thank you so much. 

AGENT: My pleasure and welcome to the city family and you have. 

CLIENT: Have a great day. Thank you. Bye bye. 

|100093 
