AGENT: Thank you for calling to customer support. I can talk to you my name is Di lease and I please have the card number off. 

CLIENT: Servicing today. Hi sure. 

AGENT: And on that debit world MasterCard? 

CLIENT: Please verify your name. Please? My name is thank you for the information Matt. 

AGENT: And could you please verify the primary card holder's name. 

CLIENT: I believe it's my husband. 

AGENT: Alright, there is a security we're on this account with your mother's maiden name. 

CLIENT: So it would be his mother's maiden name which is. 

AGENT: Okay, and how can I assist you today. 

CLIENT: Night, I was trying to link another account that we got because we just got a Costco Lisa and in the process somehow I got myself a locked out of the internet access to this account. Maybe I between the two of them. I was getting confused with passwords and user names and I must've tried the wrong thing too. Many times I guess. 

AGENT: Right. Oh, I do see where you are locked out. If you verify the city the on the back of your card. I can go ahead and get that reset for you. 

CLIENT: Sure, it's. In the meantime, we decided it's just gonna be too complicated with the link together anyway, so we're not even gonna do it. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, I I was able to get it reset for you on your account and I now as far as your account. You are the authorized user. So if you register your account online. It's only gonna show your information the plan where you just card information registered online will show the primary and the authorized users information. Yeah want to go ahead and let you know that and after getting that reset for your account is or anything else. I can assist with. 

CLIENT: Just my husband said well, I have you on the phone can you make sure that both of them or a set up for auto pay. This one was originally so it should still be I didn't change anything with that, but the new one I also put on auto pay. 

AGENT: What do you mean in the one that? 

CLIENT: The city V so that we have. 

AGENT: It was on that on the debit and you do have I don't pay on the C so I don't see any other accounts that's violent. 

CLIENT: Okay, well the other one, I'm primary so maybe that's why. 

AGENT: Yeah, if your primary on that account. I would actually have to get the card number for you to pull it up. 

CLIENT: Okay, it's. 

AGENT: Give me a second okay. And I your cost go anywhere Visa card a way to you already told me and I. So on your commercial card to get the security. We're on this account at your favorite pet tonight. Now you want to check with you how to pay for this car. 

CLIENT: Yes, please. 

AGENT: Okay. This car is enrolled in autopay all. 

CLIENT: Is not? 

AGENT: Okay can? 

CLIENT: Can you enroll and on okay? 

AGENT: I can't I I can do two things for you. I can send you and I don't pay email or I can saw you had enrolled in autopay your cellphone. 

CLIENT: I thought I did but that was only today. 

AGENT: You probably didn't press confirm and continue. 

CLIENT: Okay, I thought I did confirm it but. 

AGENT: I can. 

CLIENT: Go back and do that again. 

AGENT: I would it's up to you I can I can send you but I don't pay email to your. 

CLIENT: Okay, that would be great. 

AGENT: It's okay. Hey, could you please verify your email address. So I was able to get best in via email. It should be there today. If it's not there today it'll be there tomorrow. Okay, and if it's on deliverable didn't a letter will be sent to you through the regular mail would be five to seven business days. 

CLIENT: Okay, so much and be a problem that should come right through it. 

AGENT: Right, correct. Alright, and is or anything else. I can assist with today. 

CLIENT: No, thank you as well. If you're not locked out any more. 

AGENT: Out and let me check on this account. Okay. Make sure you're not locked out here either. 

CLIENT: Yeah, when I don't think I am. 

AGENT: Yeah, you're not locked out anyway. 

CLIENT: Okay. Great so we're allset I I just gave up last night. I was on hold for over an hour and a half and I just couldn't do it anymore. 

AGENT: Right this is. 

CLIENT: So I just Dave often thought well. I'll wait till today and hopefully not as many people trying to get you. 

AGENT: Yeah, I mean, yeah, you can go ahead and try to register your card your Casa card on the on the phone with me or you can log in to your debit world card. 

CLIENT: Well, I did I did register it but it's not it's not linked to the other one. 

AGENT: And that's probably because you're the primary on this account. He's the primary on that account. So it's two different primaries that right now we've been having such a hard time linking the consul card to hundred it's other card. So I don't have the primaries name on there or like a an authorized user consul card to an account where they all the primary on that account like if you see one. 

CLIENT: Sure, yeah, so it must be a nightmare. 

AGENT: Yeah, we just got the card and it's it's been interesting. I've learned a lot. 

CLIENT: I'm sure you have but I'm sure you get people who are just tired of waiting and all and gets really miserable to. 

AGENT: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean at the same time like it even though they don't like is no better for me either. So I definitely understand where you're coming from. 

CLIENT: Sure, sure cause I'm sure you just go from one call to the next and. 

AGENT: Yeah, and then like I mean, I don't know if everyone's angry, but angry person and someone advised you. Okay and then another. 

CLIENT: Person, hopefully some of the make up for. 

AGENT: Definitely definitely alright and what I would to assist you with everything today. 

CLIENT: Yes, you are thank you very much. 

AGENT: You're welcome thanks for calling Citi. You have a wonderful day. 

CLIENT: Thanks you too thanks a lot for your help bye. 

|100091 
