AGENT: They're all with regards this is customer service a Kentucky may I have your name as it appears on your card. Please? I mean they had the name of the car maker order please. And there is a pass code on the account. It's the primary card holder is favorite snacks to start with a P. To death of the people at the answer I have listed here. 

CLIENT: Well, that's what my husband just entered it today do you. 

AGENT: Correct or not you're not don't see that as. I'm sorry, say that again, okay. Okay, but can you verify the address on the account and how can I help you get it. 

CLIENT: Well, my husband went and the reason he went online and set this up with to try to get auto pay set up right away deducted from my checking account and the next bill is due July 20th and so online and it said that it was going to effect immediately, but I want to double check that the gas at the bill that is due July. 

AGENT: When it in for that. Okay. So I would never trust offers auto pay, um, I don't see it on my screen. I don't see it is and and rolled. So I'm gonna go ahead and manually pay that. 

CLIENT: Well, what have happened that have happened when he did this and it said that it was going to effect right away. 

AGENT: I don't know why I would say that usually I don't know if it's because it was online done online um, but usually it takes about a billing cycle or so to actually kick in if you see on if we pay if I pay. 

CLIENT: Online if we can't right now I can't right. 

AGENT: Now? 

CLIENT: Then I wanna make sure it doesn't the same amount as need to Doctor again on the 20. 

AGENT: No maam it only satisfy did Mount do and once you pay that then the amount due is I was satisfied. 

CLIENT: Alright and I've 141902. 

AGENT: Yes maam. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Yes, I am. Yes, this is. Are you going to check it cause what you can do it should it should actually um give you a screen where it shows the next, um, date it'll pull and for the amount and it does show you that so you would be able to see it. If it says do you know 20th for $149101419.02 and you also it does say that it is. 

CLIENT: That's gonna be automatically done. 

AGENT: I'm saying if you if you see it online as well. 

CLIENT: Looking online, I'm not looking online right now. 

AGENT: Did you did you? Oh, I'm sorry, I'm I'm thinking that you you feel the auto pay online. 

CLIENT: Yeah, but it wasn't right now on my husband that earlier. If there's anything you can't you don't know what they're set up a lot. 

AGENT: Well, it's it's showing you that it's not enrolled on my screen. 

CLIENT: Okay, so you can take that over the phone then for the sinus. 

AGENT: Yes, maam that would you like to do today. Yeah, okay. 

CLIENT: And then it should take get the next one automatically. 

AGENT: Yes maam. Alright, whenever you're reading their routing number first. Okay, no it's Charles Schwab, thanks already and the checking account number. Already and you're paying the statement balance that 141902. Yeah. Okay, please record the payment. Your checkbook registry you're not on a check to Citibank. Once the payment is processed, no changes corrections or cancellations can be made. 

CLIENT: Okay. Okay. 

AGENT: Alright, and I do have a confirmation number for you here. It is 0216. 

CLIENT: Okay, and then you're sure I won't have anything else. We got billed again before the 20th of August right and how can we check to make sure you know happening on well. I guess when we get it in the mail and say, whether it's and you got that or not. Yeah, okay. Alright, so do I need to do need to know. Okay. Thank you very much. 

AGENT: Have a good rest your day? Thank you bye. I think. 

|100071 
