AGENT: This is Phillip and say, we may have some names of the please and your credit card. Thank you so much sir and how can I help you today with your double cash probably. 

CLIENT: 12. I've got a big work to you so I'm going to make it this month's rent $10000 and that the first of next month. I'm going to new York and the money is there make note of that and okay. I'll be traveling first and I was just a and it it. I think you need to increase my name is 5000 versus two of them don't go over. 

AGENT: Okay, we can definitely look into that sir. Hold on increasing your credit limits on moment. Hey credit bureau report will not be pulled to provide and some position may I have your total annual income. If you are 21, year old are you man Clinton come from others that you can reasonably access to pay your bills you don't have to include alimony child support or separate maintenance income. If you don't want to consider to be said for anything this that. 

CLIENT: Yeah, it's oh, I know and concerts last year was that has that has 160 totaling 10. 

AGENT: $160000. Thank you, sir, yes may have your monthly mortgage or rents payment amount. 

CLIENT: I think it's 46. 

AGENT: Thank you, sir, 1046. Okay, what was on? All right. Once I submitted the request for this credit and everything for you we will not be able to make any changes. I have entered your total annual income is $160000 and your monthly mortgage or rents payment amount. As that $1046 would you like me to continue. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: Alright, thank you so much you were doing. So let's see I don't know sir. It's a I mean for you here and sorry, can you confirm for me as well your mailing address. Thank you, sir. Have a good evening? Okay, so the credit line increase request has been declined at this time. I you will be receiving a letter of explanation sir within the seven to 10 business days. 

CLIENT: Okay, what is my credit limit now. 

AGENT: 15000 easier I cruise line right now and then um, do you have available amount that you can use to make the purchase is that the $13682.57. 

CLIENT: Okay. I've got a Citi card with the. 

AGENT: Have to go? 

CLIENT: You need that number tell me what my credit limit is with this. 

AGENT: For a customer sir. I will be connecting you over to our Acosta team. You have a specific team handles customer count. Alright hold on place. Hey, I'm not I don't know. 

|100072 
