AGENT: Welcome to Citi cards customer service. This is Ana and may have your complete name on the account. 

CLIENT: Yes, good afternoon. 

AGENT: Oh good afternoon this. 

CLIENT: I'm good thanks actually I'm bad because right didn't realize this thing to yesterday because he had a death in the family and I was so busy busy running around and I'm calling to make a payment now what do I do have a late fee. I don't nice you know. 

AGENT: Understand and I'm sorry, you said that you do have a death in the family. 

CLIENT: Yes, I was. 

AGENT: And you have a steady. So I'm do you have a City, we are sorry for your loss or so you would like us to process the payment today. Yeah and I. 

CLIENT: Thank you. Hey. 

AGENT: It's I'm ready for the routing number. 

CLIENT: And so. 

AGENT: It's it's. And I'm ready for the checking account number. And how much are you thank you for the amount of $60 a piece right be using a check right so you want the payment is processed. So changes corrections of our cancellations gonna be made this payment. We're affected today's date and it would be great that after a while. 

CLIENT: On this nice day. Okay. Thank you. 

AGENT: Alright and as soon as. 

CLIENT: I'm getting this statement come for next month and they lead to see clinic that I called the way right. 

AGENT: I'm sorry. 

CLIENT: Can you please change that and and the next shipment come in the harbor's and then I was she was coming it and I called to leave for. 

AGENT: I was I was the system just. So she hold on let me get to get that. And then I did a checking account. Out of there. I I have you're not the confirmation number and I will be 587. 

CLIENT: And I 587. 

AGENT: 84. 

CLIENT: Hey. 

AGENT: Seven, okay, and do you are asking about the late fee, sir. I can you ask me. Just check on the last I can do right now on your account. Okay. Just give me a moment. Thank you for patiently waiting. 

CLIENT: And you. 

AGENT: Oh, I've got good news for you. Okay. I've been taking good care of your account for the 516 wonderful years now sir. Alright and you have an accident payment history. We don't want you to you know, I don't have any records for a late fee and the are not know when I back on for. 

CLIENT: Orton, it's in the and address is something wrong and let me check and. 

AGENT: Yeah, so I don't think I I have no ice about this anymore. Okay. I got you will not be here by the late fee right or wrong. 

CLIENT: Um have you had it was a. 

AGENT: I have a good line is out it is my pleasure to assist you. Okay. Okay, and you may always call us anytime you have a. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you very. 

AGENT: Thank you for the payment. 

CLIENT: Okay, you're welcome bye bye. 

AGENT: Lorraine. 

|100094 
