AGENT: Good afternoon welcome to Citibank. I'm ready. Thank you so much for saying the line I had to have your full name please. Yeah, I just need to make a payment on my credit card sure. Let's make a payment quick and easy for you Ms. See I have a thank you card. Account so let me pull up that one quickly. Alright, but I would have went to like a paper to say eight like 200 from Bank of America you want to dollars was the last movie take an account number. I don't need to have the full routing number and the checking account number. 

CLIENT: On the back of. 

AGENT: Yeah, I need to have the routing number first. And we will be paying $200 right. I'm didn't hear it. Yeah. Yeah, I can hear you now. Okay what's the name of the bank. 

CLIENT: It's Bank of America. 

AGENT: Thank you. Okay. I can have a check and account number well. I'm I'm I'm really having a problem hearing you're clearly you can you repeat that please. Alright, awesome. Thank you and how does your name appear on the check Ms. Realty. Um, how does your name appear on the check. Thank you. Ms. Chandler processing $200 payment. Today so please record a payment and or check registry. I do not mail that check to Citibank at a loss that we had a small says no changes corrections or cancellations and they made this payment will reflect as a payment today will be credited on the following business day. Okay. So keep in mind that you can also process payment online at Citi cards.com or $200 payment. It's already process or anything else. 

CLIENT: Yes, currently I found they use this card right now. 

AGENT: Yeah, the Forest, you know $1.96 right now. However, again the payment will be available um on the following business day. 

CLIENT: Okay, that means I can use that. 

AGENT: It means that you have one daughter and $0.96 as of the moment. I don't know if the planet you have a process will be available the following business day, you may try tomorrow. If that will go through or not. Okay. 

CLIENT: If they didn't go through on on right. Now? I can't seem to speak to my. 

AGENT: I cannot assure you I get I was your name. If you get the payment. It's not the address like that to the account. 

CLIENT: Name Tyson. 

AGENT: Yeah, right, okay, well. If you know, you'll be having any problems we're open 247. Okay. Alright. Great, well, you do have a good one and you take care. Okay. 

|100088 
