CLIENT: Thank you for calling my name is Mark may have your first and last name Linda, how may help you sir. Yeah, I couldn't get the automated system to understand all the different countries were going to or not coming European trip. No problem, sir. I can definitely help you with that and I'll make how are you. Okay. Alright, let me just pull up the account for you. 

AGENT: And sir, can you have any alright, so which country are you going to us or. 

CLIENT: Oh well, we're leaving we're going to the state of Minnesota and then and Lester Georgia will be the ninth floor. 

AGENT: Okay, just buried me, sir. Let me just a and this one the one at the time. Okay Minnesota. 

CLIENT: Georgia. 

AGENT: Else yes. 

CLIENT: And then it would be Germany. 

AGENT: Alright, so it's Arman you. Okay, just buried me. 

CLIENT: Going to remain. 

AGENT: Where else? 

CLIENT: Austria. 

AGENT: Austria. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I don't want. 

AGENT: Just have a Mr. 

CLIENT: You know are you. 

AGENT: Alright, and then the browser. 

CLIENT: And then finally Switzerland. 

AGENT: Alright, so let me just read it back to you. Okay. Alright, so that would be Minnesota Georgia. I was see it's I'll sure you and see 30 is that correct. 

CLIENT: Yes uh-huh. 

AGENT: And over else. 

CLIENT: Switzerland and Japan Germany. 

AGENT: Alright, okay, so let me just read it back to you. So you're just Minnesota Switzerland, Germany, Austria and it's on the very. 

CLIENT: Yes, and that's. 

AGENT: All right when are you planning to go to those countries. 

CLIENT: July 15th through July 27th. 

AGENT: Okay to live 1515 right. 

CLIENT: 15 yes. 

AGENT: Up until the 27. Yeah and all of the authorized users going with you. 

CLIENT: And then my wife and it's also. 

AGENT: Alright, so you and your wife phone. Alright, so sorry, I have updated your account to make their travel plans. Please? Keep in mind you can notify us of upcoming travel online at see any cars.com and also a benefit the fear card. There's no foreign transaction fee on purchases and please make a note of the phone number and the back of your card you can contact us at any time and we need to be notified you need it. The third call I just lost or stolen and we Ne also at them to contact you if we see any suspicious activity on the account. So let me just process this one. Okay, please and hold for a minute. 

CLIENT: Okay answer. 

AGENT: Alright, and would you like me to send you a confirmation of this travel plans on your email. 

CLIENT: Yes, you certainly. 

AGENT: And can you verify your email please sir right and we highly recommend to check out your email for the confirmation and the stress my checking it up you do have an offer here for is 0%. I mean now for 2.99% off until June want to eight and the have any pauses that you would like to pay off. 

CLIENT: I don't not at this time the one you have my cellphone number for contact. 

AGENT: Yes, we do have certain I don't know where I was sick and I have your cellphone number. 

CLIENT: Yes now. Here's the thing. I were in Europe, we do have the year. We have any International travel plan that we're adding to Verizon, but I don't have a clue how someone would call us. I know we can call out for sure. 

AGENT: Yeah, you can just called the number the bucket forgot just in case something happens. Okay. 

CLIENT: I don't worry about calling on that. I don't know you guys must know how to get a hold of this number everywhere in Germany, say, for example, I don't know you would know what country are and that's the problem. Okay. So let me just leave a note on the account. So me at that number. Okay, that's the one that you're using. Okay, I'll just put that one on the under the under your cellphone number. Okay, yep and but I don't know how you get a hold of me could you don't know what country. I mean when you know giving away and have to have a kind of a code so I don't. 

AGENT: No no problem, it's or be giving us a cell number. You agree that we are we are our service providers can contact you at that number by you want to dial a recorder to our I think you so voice with the extra phone, thanks. I just me apply do you agree. 

CLIENT: You know, I won't cost I don't know I guess International calling plans that should be fine. Okay. No problem. 

AGENT: Sir, and is or anything else for. 

CLIENT: That should do it. Alright, then have a safe trip and thank you for banking with you sir have a good day. Thank you. 

|100097 
