CLIENT: Not even need to the account. So I mean I. 

AGENT: Welcome to City my name is Sandy how can we help today. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry whom I speaking with. 

AGENT: Thank you. Alright. 

CLIENT: I would like to get a little information on my credit card and possibly for my wife on the account as well. So um, I know that I have is zero balance and they're available at $5280. But I was interested in what my interest rate is right now. 

AGENT: Share a lot and check box and you and may I take your first name again as it appears on your City time, keeping me a call and thank you. I'll just pull up your account information and I do want to thank you for your time and patience Village ultimate it's a sudden. I what I do I have the account details pulled up and you. Let me check the interest rate on the Scott. It's okay, it's it's a way to build rates, which is based on you is Prime plus the bank rates, which is 8.99 so we just currently 12.49 cents. 

CLIENT: Um, right now my wife and I are starting a business we're gonna be making several large purchases over the next week or so phone $4500 where else give me one second. 

AGENT: And you know. 

CLIENT: Um, so we're gonna be making some large purchases were just trying to figure out which is a kind of purchases as opposed to just rates. Right now, you're seconds and so just wanting if there's any possibility you could lower it. We are right now and 11.25%. I believe this is next is the best. One so far is there any option for a lower interest rate to be alone 11.25. 

AGENT: Need to I'll just check that for you. Sorry, I missed Cody on this I'm afraid to this the current interest rate is to see. On the on the on the bundle for already. I mean, there's no offer to get the intrastate know we're so this is the on the interest rate available right now. 

CLIENT: What else I can speak with that might have a Tony's to override that. 

AGENT: I'm not really. 

CLIENT: Okay, um add my wife on the account. 

AGENT: Oh, yes, yes, you can do that much. 

CLIENT: So would you be able to get her own card with the wrong name on it. 

AGENT: Will be here she having a call number and such and get it. You know when you is not in her name. So may I take a call before I do that one. Have to read out the disclosure? So if you all tried to users your monthly charges made a little allowed by them and you know get account information so you must tell them that we may have it pulled accounts performance to the credit bureaus and then then before you at them you need their permission to give those information about them and two letters she had of the others would you like to add an authorized user. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: Alright, thank you and may I take your first name any middle initial. I last name first name is and this so I name is sime. Okay, and do you have me. I think a social security number. Thank you and her date of birth. 

CLIENT: Hi, this is Zack. I know you have a one year old. 

AGENT: Yeah, I alright, thank you so okay. And the address to clean up to yours. Alright, I'll please just confirm your mailing address. Your address your mailing address? I think it. 

CLIENT: Just. 

AGENT: I'm so just to take the new cards, which I have to see ordered will take five to seven business days for you to get it and wanted to get it out you can give us a call to get the phone activated. Okay. For I think you you're welcome. And you said you'll be making so much Curtis Lee if you are then just give us a ring today or on the same day to get the card updated just to make sure that doesn't have any problem. 

CLIENT: Okay. Yeah, we're gonna going to the other country now. I've only been 17151 cards and recorded. I have so the other ladies or the other we haven't set a little interest rate so it wouldn't make sense to use the cards and it's has a higher interest rate at this point. I'm can you just hold on for one second. 

AGENT: Yes, no it's a. 

CLIENT: Um some know if my technician hold on one second, I'm gonna put you on hold. Okay, and my wife just wanted to ask some question about a business card and so if you a difference between a business credit card. And then it's you know press on your account. 

AGENT: Yes, we do have a lot different department altogether would do is with this is Garth and do you have any other City called to that you wanted to update or. 

CLIENT: Know work with it right now. Alright. Thank you. I'll call back I'll call back later. 

AGENT: Alright, no problem and thank you for your time. Again, if you take care have a great day at. 

|100100 
