AGENT: Hi, good evening. This is Adele from customer service five Citi cards, how may help you today. Yeah. Yes, I. 

CLIENT: Hello, yes. Okay, so I have a funny. I love person on the line. Okay. So I had a I had a large balance and I had a payment sent through June 17th. I believe it was for 18 so I had made a payment in June and out of minutes automated payment. And then we paid majority the balance let me see I'm looking here. I believe it's June 17th, I don't know if you have my account pulled up. 

AGENT: That you have maam if you can provide me with your card number and if you have it available. 

CLIENT: Um hold on I have to get I have the last four digits you still got it. Okay. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Thank you, let Stu verification and what is your first and last name. Okay. Thank you, very much sense pull up your account information. I see here is the primary card holder and we are trying to actually send to see if you give it and Master card right. 

CLIENT: What's that? 

AGENT: Yeah, we are trying to access your C P dividend Road Master card. Can you help me with a security right now um, it could be a childhood nickname. I think that's nice. I think so very calling them in regards to the payments that we have made last month right for the. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I'm usually yeah, I I was not I have a problem with the auto payment that went through I don't understand why that went through sister is 89000 and something dollar payment. Um and my understanding of the auto payment was it's the minimum payment due is what's automatically charged and since I paid off. Pretty much the balance from what I understood seventeenth's. I didn't think there would be a charge and that's created a problem from my bank account because that was an unexpected charge that went through my bank account and and then I have encouraged to use as a result of that over draft. So if I and requesting that that payment be refunded because I already and $9600 payment went through the end of June. 

AGENT: Okay, so they were saying them to the other payment for $233.06, correct. I think you want to be to get a refund refunded for that. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: Is that going back to your checking account them directly deposited. Okay. I've course, I can help you with this let me go ahead and submit the request for the refinance try to sell it. 

CLIENT: And I have I'm really confused about why it says the new balance on my July 16th it or maybe it was sent before the payment went through. Oh I see it's and it's reflecting that makes sense for you to and H never mind. 

AGENT: I can't thank you so. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: Let's go ahead on the 28th balance deposit tickets $230.06. We are requesting for a deposit. 

CLIENT: What do the and the aryan? 

AGENT: Please it's alright, it's alright, I guess I'm can you please verify name at these the last four digits of your checking account so we can deposit the overpayment. Okay hold. 

CLIENT: On one second let me. 

AGENT: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much that's exactly what we have on file and miss submit a request. I think so this is Alex tronic refund request has been successfully approved the Citi cards, you will be expecting the funds to be available in the next 23 business days on your account me account number for a checking account. 

CLIENT: And the next two to three days you get doesn't go through and the only. 

AGENT: It differently maam and I don't know one see if you have the product available there you can of course make use of it at any time. 

CLIENT: Okay. The other question I went I notice on my statement that I was charged the Amazon fire membership of $103 and July. First, I believe it was or something like that. Maybe it was the eighth. I don't remember but anyway sometime in July or June. I'm looking here again. 

AGENT: July first. 

CLIENT: July for one and okay. 

AGENT: So 90. 

CLIENT: When I was 392? Okay, did resign to compare for that cause I also requested. 

AGENT: If I if I would not I would like to ask me I'm with the refunds, I mean from Citibank, how are you from. 

CLIENT: From Amazon and Amazon credit my Citi card account for that money is what I'm asking so that was a mistake in charge. 

AGENT: To try to check because I'm seeing is that. 

CLIENT: You would have just went today. So I don't know how long it takes or transactions to go through. 

AGENT: To go through so, yes, maam you sure the if a credit this coming from the merchant it would take three to five business days or even seven basement and those for a credit to be applied to the account. So I talked to the I don't see any credits coming from us and. 

CLIENT: Okay, well. Thank you so much of course, I really appreciate your help. 

AGENT: Hi, Kate and we appreciate under 10 years of having Citi cards with you a laundry and thank you for calling Citi. I hope you have a wonderful evening. 

CLIENT: Thank you your care. 

AGENT: Okay, you're welcome get by. 

|100114 
