AGENT: Thank you for choosing City. This is David may I have your name please on the card. How are you doing today? 

CLIENT: To notify you guys are busy I've been on hold for 22 minutes. 

AGENT: Oh, I'm sorry, Jay that um. Yeah. So we're we're having a lot of calls right now and it's really nine stop. I'm really sorry for for the long way, but I'm already looking at your CD number cash card account how gonna help you. 

CLIENT: I would like to make a payment. 

AGENT: Okay, I'll be more than happy to help you out give me a minute here. 

CLIENT: Okay, so. 

AGENT: Are you gonna be using it a checking or your debit card account. 

CLIENT: My debit card and I change my card for some reason got cancelled my bank cancelled it. So I have to give. 

AGENT: Okay, and we just going to put up a separate application for your debit card. Hey. 

CLIENT: You know, it's generally my my the car somebody did locate it because I I guess that makes a lot of senses a contract ending. So they they cancelled that card. I appreciate. 

AGENT: Yeah. That's a good that's a good step. Three, if you give me. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: I am ready for your debit card payment. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Like the process today. 

CLIENT: I was you know I lose my my my. 

AGENT: Your um balance as we speak it's $550.99. 

CLIENT: Okay, so I owe $40401 or something. 

AGENT: The balance is $530.99. 

CLIENT: Okay, and what's available 478. 

AGENT: $469.01. 

CLIENT: Okay, I would like to make $230 payment. 

AGENT: 230. Thank you very much. And I may have the new debit card account number you have. Thank you very much and I have the expiration dates. And the three digits on the back. I think you know um, the name and the address on this debit card to Compass the same as what you have on file right. 

CLIENT: Yes desk. 

AGENT: Thank you very much. 

CLIENT: And my minimum balance is still $25. 

AGENT: Yes, minimum due is $25 now, I was able to process the payment for you would you like me to save the debit card information for you and. 

CLIENT: Yes, yes go ahead and. 

AGENT: Alright now bill or for mation number would that is correct. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, so what's not available credit. So right now. 

AGENT: You know minutes here that would be. $69699.01. 

CLIENT: Thank you so much. Okay. 

AGENT: You're welcome. It's been my pleasure anything else that I can be of assistance with. 

CLIENT: I don't know what other questions as well now, I show a late payment on my card. 

AGENT: This will not man because I saw the do that could be on the 14th and just would be credited today will be available immediately for you. 

CLIENT: Okay reason why I asked that question because last last month actually pay my my I paid on this accounts this credit card twice and then when I paid on the 15th and then say Ma, she said that they would not charge me for a late fee got my payment out a little confused about that because I paid it before the before the due date you know I paid it twice is you looking at the account I paid it twice and I didn't understand why she she would they would charge me a late fee, so, that's why I asked that question. 

AGENT: I understand and I see that. No maam, we're not we're not seeing I'm not seeing any late fee on your account so. 

CLIENT: Okay. Alright, thank you so much. I appreciate that. 

AGENT: It's really my pleasure and thank you very much for choosing to any you have a good. 

CLIENT: Did you bye bye? 

AGENT: Right, I know. 

|100101 
