AGENT: 50 customer so with my name is amid may. I get your card number. Thank you so much for this information sir and may I get the army how are you doing today, sir and how can I help you with your CD. Thank you card. I don't want to raise the credit limit the 30000 to totally thousand dollars short of what I can do I can go ahead and submit a request for that right. I mean, you'll be receiving a letter from City 17 to 10 days. Okay. So just give me one moment. While I submit the request for you sir. What are your hours? 

CLIENT: We are open 247 for. 

AGENT: Place a request would you verify the security word, it could be a mother's maiden name. 

CLIENT: Okay, so I do have a card information out and I would also like to thank you. I do see you've had this card for 20 years with Citibank sir. Thank you so much for the business. And I just go ahead and read out and important disclosure for you. Unfortunately, we are unable to instantly approve your credit and everything three that this time. If you would like our credit department to review your request for the credit bureau report to will be ported would you like to continue. I'll be asking you to question sir. And may I have your total income. If you want to 21 or owned or you include income from others that you can reasonably access to pay our bills you don't have to include alimony child support or separate mean payments income. If you don't want to consider it as a basis for repeating this bit. So we must've died by 12 so that would be approximately. 

AGENT: I mean I have your monthly more data arrange payment amount. 

CLIENT: Thank you so much for this information sir. Once I submit the request for this credit limit increase to be will not be able to make any changes. I have entered your total line well and if you like me to continue. I'm you said you like to have. Okay. I'll go ahead and submit a request for that right away for you and I'll get one of my credit specialist on the line sir. Okay, so that we can assist you right. I mean it it. To do not disconnect. The line for the next person will be from a credit space Christine. 

AGENT: 90 will be in the queue. Okay. Okay. 

|100107 
