AGENT: Thank you for calling Costco customer service. My name is Andy can you verify your credit card number please. 

CLIENT: And then I put this is on the home the claims. 

AGENT: I would need the whole number. 

CLIENT: Look at the picture. 

AGENT: Yeah. 

CLIENT: Know what the same number is nine. 

AGENT: No hers would be a different number. 

CLIENT: Gonna go in here and you know. Okay. It's town my number as well. So you need that as well. 

AGENT: Okay, that would be fine. If you have it what's the last four numbers. 

CLIENT: Mine is and. 

AGENT: And what is your name? Alright, and your security word says that your pet's name. 

CLIENT: It's my fifth. 

AGENT: Alright looks like you have your account in front of me. How can a bill today? 

CLIENT: Okay, sir, um first of all I wanna know when when does the membership because the membership expires on this account. Wanted to renew. 

AGENT: I believe it's it's a year. I can certainly take a look and see I just a moment. From what I can tell based on the information and American Express and over to us maybe for. 

CLIENT: Kristen may, yeah cause I I'm not putting that through now just in case, I yeah, I clicked as a custom membership a customer, but you are so we don't have anymore business with with the studio we can to keep the card out of the work for the card is Pacifica co. 

AGENT: Well, let me let me check up a good question. I do know there was talk about that. I do speak with other people regarding that as well. If you if you cancel that so if I don't answer. 

CLIENT: Now will I get the refund for that for the remaining time that they pay for an advance. 

AGENT: Yeah, you get a refund from Costco yes. 

CLIENT: Tesco and then do I need to and then just in a matter of the card to do I pressed the card to look and feel I believe you can. 

AGENT: Hard would be close. 

CLIENT: Close I got a paper and open a C D card it'll be a new one. 

AGENT: Correct, yes. 

CLIENT: But you don't have anyone to to have like 4% and gasoline was I think that's right. 

AGENT: Right the cost goes the only one. 

CLIENT: Making make the rules because they're so big. Okay, um, okay, that's and then if I cancel the membership I talk with you or with that with the actual cost. 

AGENT: So you you would call actual Costco regarding your call it's gonna ship. 

CLIENT: I got and then when I canceled the membership they will let you know right. I don't need to call you again. 

AGENT: Correct, yes. 

CLIENT: Okay, and then now last question is that I scheduled a payment by hand with a client bill and birds and then I also scheduled and and and he pays. So if it's not gonna happen, but he paid and the manual. I'm gonna go to the same time what we're doing to cancel. The manual. One um I'm fine. 

AGENT: I can check just a moment. Well, I show we've set up autopay. 

CLIENT: It doesn't matter if I could maybe Monday. Okay for the $200 I need to pay right and then I did on it so. 

AGENT: With all them. Hey wouldn't be for this payment anyway. Yeah, it would've been it would've taken effect for this due date anyway. So the payment online payment that I show just a moment. Yeah for $200 is that correct or $200.74. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: Yes, I. 

CLIENT: A long time I'll be calling you to manually and then and then a month later and then it happen a medically I won't have to actually do anything. 

AGENT: Alright, you're definitely right. 

CLIENT: Thank you so much for you you know. 

AGENT: Where you're welcome thanks for calling and enjoy the rest of your day. Alright, let me. 

|100112 
