AGENT: Um City is Andy and how may help you. 

CLIENT: Alright, yes, my name is and I have a question about my Citigroup. I guess account. I made a payment online on July second. I see if there's another payment done on July ninth. So I wanted to know how did that happen. 

AGENT: Yeah, you and I want to understand how did that happen you know. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry. 

AGENT: Even I need to check that for him is that. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: Sure, let's, let's look into that. 

CLIENT: For you. Okay. Yeah, I'm looking at my account online and that's what it shows depending but it was. Take it on the nine. 

AGENT: Yeah, I'm showing one on July second and one on July the ninth July and then that I was like $200 that you're nuts and then here back Ms. Angus been showing as an online payment and I like how you are you based on your. 

CLIENT: On, yeah that only $0.02 maam. 

AGENT: Yeah, I'm gonna trying to I I mean the there's one different, date out here or July ninth as well that you an impending that should be posted, but tonight you know. 

CLIENT: I know, but one thing I just made one transaction. 

AGENT: But for some reason I joined to live you know, I mean that between that must have been a payment made twice on the account maybe well I like to bike. Eventually there was one set up to be paid on July. The name is what I can. 

CLIENT: It happen twice already. I don't know if you have my account pulled up like back in April, if it's the same thing cause I usually the beginning of the month, that's when I pay my bill online and then on the eighth and then nine it's been taken out again and I'm I did not do it cause if you actually have to manually do it and I don't remember doing it twice. 

AGENT: Back maam this is that one showing for today only like how the customer's log in and log in to the city guy John I am from that they make payments to our. 

CLIENT: Well what about on the second of July second and see you know shows that somebody went and make payment. 

AGENT: Yeah, I don't fuss eight in the morning on July second and today's date, it's showing as you know at noon. 

CLIENT: Right, I don't understand how it's happening cause I only need it once a month, which is Dan you have the money. So the the one that's pending there where you can I cancel that. 

AGENT: Yes, on it and they'll be out and City you know. 

CLIENT: So I. 

AGENT: Yeah, we need to wait for this payment due to get received. Okay. I guess we have not received the fame. Hi, that you can contact the button to put a stop on that that this is going to come in we can send it back to you. 

CLIENT: Okay, so I just not like I say, I don't understand July second and like I said, I don't know how. If you could have happened one thing that I am the only one who pays the bills and I only do it one once a month. 

AGENT: This I accidently might have happened, but don't worry maam that your money. You can I ask are you in the do send it back to you we can do that. That's no problem. Now Carolyn. I mean, if you wanted to initiate it today or as what I can do that but I would like that's the payment that's coming and I can send the payment back to you which was paid by you on July the second. So this would be considered there's only one payment made by and that's coming in for today. 

CLIENT: Okay, just take the one from July second, that's already been the beginning of the ninth the pending and can you cancel this transaction. 

AGENT: But that's not coming in to my to my hands that I could go ahead and cancel that for you. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: But yeah, I mean I have an option that I can send that payment back to you for the one that you created on July. The second I I can send it this one is about about it just that it's not get credited on the account you know so. And then it happens over you can on. 

CLIENT: Alright, the 179 it's shows pending this when you can I cancel it but. 

AGENT: Not one that you're in pending for 79 that we can hook and. 

CLIENT: So you'll take that one, but you a credit back the one for the two lines. 

AGENT: Yeah, bitch me and then do the July ninth of the one getting credit that do you do you are calling. 

CLIENT: Okay. Alright, so July second will be credit back into my checking account. 

AGENT: Yeah, because anyway, if you doesn't is not due until July. The 10th you know. 

CLIENT: Okay all right. 

AGENT: What do you suggest that I received. 

CLIENT: Yes, because I don't have I don't really a lot. It's it's $200 payment for this month not going to. 

AGENT: Yes, so memorized. I do you do one thing as well. Okay. This is Lou look out for you and for future. Let me tell you but before that can you help me verify if your details because I'm sending this $200 back to you can you verify the last four of yours a checking account number that you want to deposit this money back into. 

CLIENT: Yeah because no problems. If. 

AGENT: And I. 

CLIENT: What's the last four of my checking account last one here. 

AGENT: No that's it already. I mean the check and. 

CLIENT: Oh this is nice. Okay. 

AGENT: You have that checking account number Vail. 

CLIENT: I think oh yes. 

AGENT: Can you give it to me? 

CLIENT: What number is? I got you. 

AGENT: Yeah, my my and send that money back to you and it's $200. This is should come into your checking account within two to three business days. So it's me. There's only one payment coming into us and that's the one for you paid on July. The ninth. There's one thing. I wanted to said, yes, maam that my number you have some time. Okay. Whenever you you can give yourself some time just log in do send a card on the line. Okay, you would see an option out there, but I mean there's a tab called payments. Okay. When you click on that tab card payments, you will be able to click on one more option. That says View. It was scheduling payment history. When you click on that, you'll be able to give and and then you'll be given an option that you can delete that payment account. Okay. Once you do that you can just delete it and re, do it again whenever you want to do it. The next time said, we'll set it up for a future and they want to get them and you can get it ever. 

CLIENT: Okay just. 

AGENT: That payment account. I mean to say the checking account you can do that by going onto the option at the top that's called payments. 

CLIENT: But I'm looking at it right now you're scheduled payment is scheduled. 

AGENT: I would. 

CLIENT: On for you I we don't. 

AGENT: Let me know once that is done. 

CLIENT: Uh-huh, yeah, and that's and that's know. I maybe able to view that it it's taking it twice this month, that's why I know it's due on the 10th, but I usually like to pay my bill my bill. So I can see he's been using of the month and that's why the July second. 

AGENT: No, no I'm talking about man what I was trying to speak about is. When you click on payments at the top right? You'll. You'll you'll you will be issuing five options to watch the left where it says make a payment when you payment history. Alright, a payment account manage payment accounts manager, art. Okay. Do you see something? 

CLIENT: Yeah, I do for you. Okay. 

AGENT: Great so give me a pick on that option. This is manage payment accounts. Now how many see how many accounts do you see listed out there in the middle of that screen. 

CLIENT: Just want to. 

AGENT: Great, do you see in the option to delete it. Okay, please click on the eight. 

CLIENT: And then. 

AGENT: You know what is the message that's coming up. 

CLIENT: Okay, since you have successfully deleted that payment account. 

AGENT: That's that's a confirmation you got it right. 

CLIENT: Okay, your confirmation has been sent to my email. 

AGENT: Thank you. 

CLIENT: Now? 

AGENT: You know you're on the same page where you'll get the one thing. I mean you see it says payment back on deleted and there's a tick Mark with her thank you. You have the excess we needed a payment a call dry. 

CLIENT: Yes. 

AGENT: Okay and like to watch the left. Okay, where you clicked on that option that says manage payment. The cones just about that there is one more option showing to you which is add a payment account. You see that. 

CLIENT: Uh-huh, yeah. 

AGENT: Gonna click on that please. 

CLIENT: And. 

AGENT: But I have a lot of but some kind of like a nickname. If you want to be learning. It's like a nickname and it's a lot of people bank the routing number and the account number looking into. 

CLIENT: When you going to rent and everything. 

AGENT: Oh, yeah, I just well once and we are doing something at it says about and that's where you. 

CLIENT: Okay, what are we doing? 

AGENT: Menu click on this option. 

CLIENT: The payment to. 

AGENT: It will ask you to enter the deed as the bank it all. 

CLIENT: Base? It's but I mean one thing that I set it up. 

AGENT: Yeah like that that you created to ice or do I just that's what I can see on my system and we started. 

CLIENT: Rye. I. 

AGENT: And make sure you don't click on the last option called next. 

CLIENT: And for? 

AGENT: You on this you on check. I mean, I know if you checked that box that says make this my primary payment to call you. 

CLIENT: You need to check that alright. So I'm done putting all the information for you. 

AGENT: Know, you know did you click on that box with his make this my but I might. 

CLIENT: Um, yes, I just put in my new accounts. Oh, okay. The next screen is out of pain. Yes, if you. 

AGENT: Yes, check that box by checking this. 

CLIENT: Okay, I can phone. 

AGENT: But I think. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Oh, yeah, the chewing the other confirmation message. Thank you you have successfully. Chum out so now maam everything is all expected that they were trying to he said that he does I think I did it was anything on the old on the account then it was you know coming in twice over to us. If you remember the same thing happened on the month of April. 

CLIENT: Yeah. 

AGENT: Yeah that well that he'd then be able to try and do I wanted that for you so in future it doesn't go. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, so you should not come out twice a month anymore. 

AGENT: Definitely not the end there should only be just one payment a month and that is what do you. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay, thank you for helping me out cause I couldn't figure out why two payments will come out of my chair. 

AGENT: Yeah, I'm I'm you are doing things. Right are doing that then I've got created technically it on here. So we got that corrected and. 

CLIENT: Okay are you a credit back. 

AGENT: Oh, I didn't brush is that to know when you do. 

CLIENT: Alright, if you can and you can have a confirmation number with this this transaction. 

AGENT: For the one that I've sent the bill. 

CLIENT: It's yeah it work with you and. Do you have like a confirmation number at the end a transaction or a cellphone so. 

AGENT: Yes, yes, I. So maam that is a M as in Mike we had. 397. 

CLIENT: You okay, alright. 

AGENT: Like a Monday have any other questions besides. 

CLIENT: And no that's it that's all I. 

AGENT: Like a man on thank you for calling you have a beautiful day. 

CLIENT: Okay you too. 

AGENT: I think. 

CLIENT: Thank you bye bye. 

|100110 
