AGENT: I will get the city. My name is Ram and your credit card number please. 

CLIENT: The whole credit card number. 

AGENT: Yes maam place. 

CLIENT: Okay, hold on I didn't know you just asked for for said last four digits. So I'm definitely gonna get my credit card. You guys are real busy. I've been on hold for like 10 minutes. It's Monday that's a lot of I don't believe. 

AGENT: Get through with this man. Okay. 

CLIENT: I think you're gonna have to send me a new card because every time I swipe it. I think the metal piece in the back of probably no good anymore cause I can't use that Sam that start off with the whole credit card number. 

AGENT: Pretty sure that thank you so much and your name with your card. When you know if I can you please verify your password to your card. Alright, that's perfect and I'm on the account now so what you're me purposes, a S have to request for a replacement same account number same name rye. 

CLIENT: Correct and if the same time I have a I hired an accountant to go through my paperwork and their peers to be a charge in June and another charge in April for $10 and I remember this happening to me last year. I guess someone gets a hold and charges you $10 every month. So you don't notice cause I have no idea what it is. 

AGENT: So we need to call you to speak maam. I was for U C K I since you don't authorize this charge at all and you don't have any idea whose charging your your card maybe that's a risk. 

CLIENT: No he's already. The only one it's only only that it's a K they dispute it in April and they dispute it. I mean they they charged in April and they charged in June, you know trying. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, how do you know these people that no. Okay. Um, do you think that that is best for us to change your credit card number instead, so they can stop charging your account moves. 

CLIENT: Or no, okay? Alright. Okay. 

AGENT: Alright, hold on and I'll submit an investigation. Okay. I working with this charge and so we go ahead and there's a new card. 

CLIENT: It's small that they did this before you know, it's a little $10 charge so you don't notice. 

AGENT: You know but but that again, it's recording. So we need to put if you have at this time. 

CLIENT: I looked on my bills I only thank you. I found one in April and one in June. I'll give you the the name of the company. 

AGENT: I guess, I guess I'm showing here. Okay so under. 

CLIENT: Networking solutions store here in California, correct. I don't eat some June and say pro cause I know you sound. 

AGENT: Let me check further okay. Data charge your account. I believe last April as well let me check further alright. 

CLIENT: I think you guys, but I didn't see that what you have if you have April this and I just have a pro and and now and June. I think it's I think they try to fix it and like every other month or something. 

AGENT: Yeah. That's gonna be the first charge to please April may June and this time to like. 

CLIENT: So I didn't see and they I don't know my my true I hadn't seen me. Oh, I'm sorry, I don't have anyways. I have a minute I'm sorry to. To describe that's alright. Sorry. I'm trying to do too many things at once I went to the to use you're saying that they charge me. 

AGENT: April may June and July. Used to charge us a call. 

CLIENT: I just have to charge and my hair and I don't know what to do with the billing minds, you know. But it's just too is that. 

AGENT: You have a receipt. Okay. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I know, but I just had it in my hand and my I have another. 0309 stuck it in to pay the bill, thanks are you are you. Okay, then I have another one and another credit card but I I purchased some things on Amazon and then they signed me up for a membership. 

AGENT: How would you like to dispute the charges? 

CLIENT: Well, yeah, but that's on another credit card. It's still if you had it already and I will go ahead and I don't know when you're ready, yes that. 

AGENT: Correct. Now submit this for this edition. But summarize what I have Mark to press charges that were not me by you or an authorized user. 

CLIENT: It's a chore and it says on my income. 

AGENT: Income networking solution $10 even the first charge to place people want to 2016 and the second charge is dated may first of 2016 3rd. This is June. First 2016 and the last one is July and 12016 and they are charging you $10 each. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I checked with my secretary she said that that was not something she authorize so. 

AGENT: Okay, that's perfect. Thank you for your information and we will begin our investigation when they call you or send you a letter if any other information is needed. If I call you we ask that you refused and provide the information properly. So if it's close the investigation as quickly as possible. 

CLIENT: Okay. Now, do you like you know his credit card away. 

AGENT: You don't need to do that number can you keep that as soon as you receive the new one. Alright. 

CLIENT: Okay, it doesn't work in reference to swipe are in the back is not working now do you have their account number on there. We go ahead and as for his watch. I mean we can always. 

AGENT: What is and what City and state about I mean it's. 

CLIENT: Okay. 

AGENT: And it would you like to receive this card in regular mail or by fax. 

CLIENT: It doesn't matter. I mean are you gonna charge me this on the five S. 

AGENT: If you want man, I can submit the request to leave the fee for you. So you will be charged or anything. Okay. Alright, it'll be sent out to you by Fedex in 24 to 48 hours and I'm going to waive the $6 fee so you will not be charged anything. Okay hold on. I'm just submitting the request for the waiver. Okay hold on. Now here's what's going to happen. Okay. Thank you for contacting City regarding funding the account. I'm sorry to hear that you had that experience you'll see quite it's supposed to your account in the next three to five days. If we need further information or we will contact you. Alright and for the meantime, I already cancelled your old account number effective immediately and you and. 

CLIENT: Account number with. 

AGENT: Establishing 24 hours and would you like to receive a tracking number issued by Fedex for talking for a business. 

CLIENT: I'm okay. 

AGENT: Alright, what is your bill self, email maam tracking number will be available in 24 hours you can check it out. If you did on your email and all other aspects of your account will transfer to your new card number and if you have a valid the recurring charges like utilities phone a cable make them aware as well about this new credit card number. Okay. Alright, perfect and the list. You have any other accounts with like to change your account number. 

CLIENT: No that's the only one but I haven't wanted to speak something. I don't know other accounts that I have right, you know worries. All right let me just so I got you right, but I was I don't know where. 

AGENT: It's me can you say it's my pleasure to assist you today are you will receive a confirmation again on the email. Okay, that's when you call what do you send you a new card with a new account number now. Okay go ahead and check your other account and what is the last four. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry said again, what what I can and one of your other accounts the last four digits. 

AGENT: Oh this is a City says please type of card maam. Alright, we have a just to pursue a credit card accounts to one of our faces card specialists real quick. Okay. Alright. Thank you, you're welcome. 

|100106 
