AGENT: Thank calling, find relations and South Dakota. This is Eric speaking, and I speaking with today. Hi. 

CLIENT: And it went to this I've been on hold for 20 minutes. 

AGENT: And. 

CLIENT: Hi, I am calling in regards to an email notification that if we received it our payment. I just set up the new banking information for a new password phone and I receive notification that the payment didn't go through and then the time looking at the account online. It also shows I have a $27 fee for a returned. So something's wrong, I mean. 

AGENT: Only 13. Sorry about that. I will be more than happy to help out. What is the credit card number please? But on the account here is he available by chance. 

CLIENT: He just wanted to take an app on his way if the authorized to use or do you need. I can give you all the information. 

AGENT: Okay, I don't actually see anybody else being listed or nieces credit card number. If you have a different credit card number for your current. 

CLIENT: I have my account school card. 

AGENT: Okay, but you actually have it where you listed on the previous M X card with your husband. 

CLIENT: All the image we have for. 

AGENT: Okay. The only reason why I ask is because I'm not showing your name showing up on this particular account that's why I was wanting if you might of had a different credit card number that he did because they be issued with two different credit card numbers for the same and you know. 

CLIENT: To this one. This isn't right now what I'm doing is I mean because I'm not needing anything on the account any information. I'm I'm needing to know why if you are payment didn't go through like what do you need. 

AGENT: Okay, let's take a look here. 

CLIENT: Cause it doesn't give a reason why. 

AGENT: I do apologize about that. Let me grab that information for you gonna place and a brief hold for just a second. 

CLIENT: Sure, hopefully, it's not too long. It will be more. 

AGENT: And more than a moment or two. Alright, thank you so much for your patience. I certainly appreciate that. I was just taking a look and I was looking to re also information here and it looks like the reason why it was returned it wasn't due to insufficient funds or anything of that nature. It looks like either the routing number or account number may have been keyed in incorrectly it sure. 

CLIENT: And please tell me that then we're going to revert. 

AGENT: But I can certainly help out with that absolutely. 

CLIENT: One more thing. Okay, so. 

AGENT: I'm gonna have managed to look it up from a different system later, that's what I'm gonna. Alright, perfect. Let me look this up here. Gonna place you back on a brief hold for just another moment. While I do this okay. Okay. Yes, okay, thank you so much for your patients. I certainly appreciate that. Alright. If you take a look at the account it looks like the only thing it was incorrect was on the bank account number it is well we had and then transfer through with the information that was given on the account of the 879. So, I mean, if you want to do it over the phone with me we certainly can or if you want to go back and the correct information and do it online. You're certainly welcome to do that as well me tell me what I have to see if you got the. 

CLIENT: You have to delete. So I basically cause I want to I didn't and it's just on the option to give me a to do is. 

AGENT: Correct. So if you want to just delete and then re, enter the information correctly. 

CLIENT: Like I don't know if that's what I have here. Hey. Can you update it like on your end? 

AGENT: I cannot know unfortunate sorry. 

CLIENT: And what about the payment because on my account to I don't know you know as far as the payment because it's shows. Concern today. I made a payment but says didn't go through I don't know what's going on with. 

AGENT: It'll be returned to the account. 

CLIENT: So just go ahead and do it again. Hello. Hello, it's me. I do believe. Okay, I want to. Okay and when I do this right now will you be able to see it right away. Okay. So let's make sure. 05. Say. Okay. It's Jason, it's my name is. Has been scheduled? Alright, I did it. 

AGENT: Alright, perfect take a look here on the update my screen. To the payment scheduling in progress. Okay. Alright, it does look like the information is correct. 

CLIENT: Okay, good. Thank you so much for your help with that today. 

AGENT: You're very welcome and I was able to go ahead and get that return. Check fee taken care for you to see a credit for that as well. 

CLIENT: I think you said I have to return my. 

AGENT: No problem my pleasure have a great day. 

|100104 
