AGENT: I think you have to calling to see customer service and Arizona. My name is Roxanne me a please have your name and your card please. 

CLIENT: I'm sorry, what do you need. 

AGENT: I don't have or name and can you please verify the last four digits of your social security numbers que and I do have access to your accounts. How can I help you today? 

CLIENT: Well, I guess, I wasn't real clear with this whole class get everything with getting a new card. I did not want to new card. So I how can I I haven't activated my card or anything. I'm trying to get a loan and I'm afraid this is going to make you know like I opened another credit card so I wanna close it can I didn't down at or do I need to pay it off in full before I can close the account. 

AGENT: I'm you can still close it and make payments on it. But this is this account is this a conversion from your American Express account. 

CLIENT: So it's not going to look like I have another credit card that's on my Friday at you know. 

AGENT: Because American Express days to go out they're no longer doing the cost of the contract. So what they did was they sent all their accounts over to us. 

CLIENT: Okay, so it's not gonna fuck to take it's. 

AGENT: Just like to have and get married can Express card, but it's gonna show the conversion. 

CLIENT: Okay, um, so if in the future. I do want to close the account. How do I do that so I could but by writing can I do it online or by phone. 

AGENT: You can do if you would have to call us and let us know that you want to close the account. 

CLIENT: Okay, and how does that affect credit rating. 

AGENT: I wouldn't know exactly cause I'm not of credit specialist, you know, I would have to contact the credit bureau and they can go ahead and tell you more depth a problem with. 

CLIENT: Okay, so I if I wanted to go ahead and close it right. Now you said, I can still make payments on it done right. Let me that you're not sure how that would show up. Yeah, I don't want so I did I have another credit card. Okay. I'll just wait and call back you can better time of data called the first time I called I finally was on the hold for 15 minutes and so I finally hung up and with you I think it took like 16 or 17 minutes is there a better time a day to call. 

AGENT: Unfortunately, not because everybody's calling in about the card all at once. So there is a high call volume, but it will drop as time goes on it's just cause we barely got these accounts like two weeks ago so. 

CLIENT: Rye Ryan sure it's crazy. Okay, but this is the best number to call right. Yeah, great. Thank you so much. Oh another question. So if I can still make payments on the car even though I haven't activated it. 

AGENT: Yeah, it's. Well, I'm showing the card it's open. It's fine. This is a whole combination over, but you can Ashley last name is just like the card it becomes active. So if you don't want that's what happened then just phone so I. 

CLIENT: Right well, I show like can I still go online to city.com and make a payment on my neda. No. I haven't truly activated it. 

AGENT: Yes, you can. 

CLIENT: Okay. Great. Okay. Thank you so much. 

AGENT: Yeah, welcome have a good day. 

CLIENT: Take care bye bye. 

|100103 
