AGENT: Good afternoon and thanks for calling today. My name is Danny speaking to please off your credit card number. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I mean. 

AGENT: I don't know I. 

CLIENT: Card number it is. 

AGENT: When I mean when I said the number I meant the phone number is here to. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: Let me have your name sir please. Okay and could you please provide me your mother's maiden name. Sorry, would you mind repeating that for me. 

CLIENT: Okay, thank you. 

AGENT: Okay, and if I have to your TV. Thank you preferred talking to help you. 

CLIENT: Yeah. First of all I want to put it in the computer that you have my life calling about my account. She is authorized to talk for me and so it's sometime. I mean, I travel a lot. I mean Ms. Addie so it's on there. So she can call and talk for me that's the thing I wanted to put it in I'm so I can I and then the payment and then. Hi, miss Bass five or you know why this is my payment on the 6510 Donna. I'm 967 look for that late fee $25 restock to ridiculous. Okay. On that a $10.09, I'm units is that two days before on today's off there. I got a late fee is 40 years. I am paying a late fee because I raise I sent for all the time more I'm nice and 10 days before. Okay. My am really petty as well as 57267. I know your units of the six, I'm gonna issue that late fee on 67. This is the wrong. What size to send that you're gonna pay credit you guys is. 

AGENT: Now, if you want happened, sir. Okay and just allow me a moment please. So okay now. Period was from 47256. Okay. The payment, date for us 163. Now, I don't when was a payment made certain. 

CLIENT: You receive that 165. I usually I send that 10 days before I met him because I know I use that long really. Hey got the reason I send the payment to 10 days before at all. 

AGENT: Yeah, but it still got the Acer it was received on. I mean it was received two days after the payment dates are so that's why you you got a late fee. 

CLIENT: Know if he was here. This is his payment is due on 65. Hi Lacey 167. 

AGENT: Now sir payment is due on 63 and. 

CLIENT: No, it wasn't Lucy is 57672676 that's about it. 

AGENT: Updates or that's the billing cycle that has nothing to do with the payment dates air if you check. 

CLIENT: May I have? 

AGENT: Sorry go ahead sir. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I yeah I yeah, there is a lots of a City called and I pay everything fourth time. I usually I pay 10 days before. Okay. I know what's happened to the post office on and see the amazing people out of the man order whoever I did take care that was I don't know those the box right, whatever plan it's in the post office and say on a holiday it's them behind this is 10 days before anyway for today. Yeah, I don't know why that happened then post office order City. I was gonna be charged $25. It's Tuesday. It's late for you. 

AGENT: I do understand but you know, that's how things work, you know if you're late you get and 80 um, so you know that's. 

CLIENT: I never. 

AGENT: And that I never was the nation. I don't know if on the day. I'm on put you on that it's 10 bucks and it says I have a $25. 

CLIENT: Control I paid already paid on the 10 bucks my attention is nothing is nothing. Yeah. Yeah, the regular payment of $27 I'm on. 

AGENT: I paid on that. So I don't know if they can. What happened today today? I don't know I wasn't behind a man, it's not the and my son. 

CLIENT: I try to to get see the order. 

AGENT: Don't send the money or something like that no. 

CLIENT: That's the reason all of these are paying more on the only like seven to 10 days. 

AGENT: But I can send Longmont. Sadly, I said to 10 days and I understand sir. I understand now. He's a problem sir on this year. If you can need to two times already you were late on me and I mean on on me and March for okay and March and may now that's why I cannot move the late fee because this is the second they to be on on the my never hundred dollars on, let's see the wrong that's the reason they gave me a correct. 

CLIENT: I think my husband on it's going to. I know was know if you save me. 

AGENT: And there's no. 

CLIENT: It is not. Search for something like that. 

AGENT: First of all sir, I need to to be respected with me because I'm being professional. 

CLIENT: No you got you got you got and it's not see so auto, you know for us home and then that's it and then they get they are on the. For me no I'm doing for us that's and they've been going to charge. I'm I'm gonna send. 

AGENT: Sent out to. 

CLIENT: You guys are doing a fraud good. Good. I'm a call center customer pays on that and I know childhood want to go. I've got a late day for two days after you stopped. 

AGENT: That's good to. Sir, I understand your frustration. But the thing is. 

CLIENT: Left and then you I'm not profited from you. Okay. I'm not saying. 

AGENT: Yeah, I'm not. 

CLIENT: Put in the blame on you a quote and a blank on this and the. 

AGENT: Yeah, I understand you're doing that and I I I mean I appreciate that you know, if you know, you're not upset with me. Personally, I mean that's fine. Thank you, sir. But you know, what that mean even though it's Richie am. I'm trying to explain you the recent six or you know, the fact that you're paying $110 or $200. I mean, that's great, but the amount doesn't affects the 15 doesn't change. The fact that you're being later and you know if you're late there would be a penalty sir. 

CLIENT: Yeah, I under I know lead on with this customer. 

AGENT: My house is do you. 

CLIENT: 903 the city $200000, I know I have a our clinic. This is me a credit card. I never heard of us today. You have a mistake that's to time. Get my name is they do I explain it to them they accept that and they credit it back. Anyway. This is Ron. 

AGENT: Les is not what the rate is for Lacy is for dealing with people people. Okay. 

CLIENT: I'm is this customer what was the city. I have the highest could design that's it is them because I never do this kind of thing with any other financial to answer man, you know, I don't do that you said today, he doesn't mean I was I was gonna call this is Neil. 

AGENT: I know. 

CLIENT: That's it you have to put it back on and the sake of the post office or City. 

AGENT: Too often I may have to put them in there and I called to. 

CLIENT: With that account so money can a chance to see the ACA. 

AGENT: Who have been my phone? Yeah, I knew chance are now give me the things that that's what I'm showing in my system, you know, I'm showing here down this year. There's been talk to you late fees already they were sending me back to November and we gave you a credit for death and 80. I'll back in November of 2015. Yeah, you know, that's the reason why I cannot go ahead and and remove that late fee sir, and since it's been you know more than two times in one year. 

CLIENT: I even the hopper time not to I love them like you have to send his phone I told you. 

AGENT: Now I have a P a C okay. I'm in cities tall not my fault do is to try and you have please call not my phone so never yeah, but why would it be and moved on because I love to be today Tuesday at midnight. 

CLIENT: You have on the one on the very. 

AGENT: August or something and remaining puts up Resorts and it's Bob so even if it's. 314. 

CLIENT: Button is not on my phone and my. I was are gonna talk to me said, if you don't want to talk to me or you don't know on this you know if this is on what I'm gonna end up on top I Jay. 

AGENT: Oh, yeah, well, I mean. 

CLIENT: Well, I mean, you know long as you know if they if they completed their shows and the company that thank you. I think I don't know how are you today. That's on my. I you. 

AGENT: Now you've got. 

CLIENT: Yeah, what would you. 

AGENT: Yeah, we did receive the money that's late sir. Okay now what I. 

CLIENT: Okay today is the. 

AGENT: One days mates or even Mondays later on now the problem is that I cannot get him out here for you to get certain derby see there is a long whole time. So if I time to speak with them. 

|100109 
