AGENT: Welcome City speaking be and call me help you. 

CLIENT: No because I received an email alert on one second I. There was a transaction over my limit. I since this is a new account. I wanted to check up on that. The reason I'm doing it this way is that so I've been traveling and I've been out of the country for awhile and I haven't well I was away and I don't have a secure a computer now I'm trying to get into too much detail transaction. 

AGENT: Okay, let me check that for you can help me with your name. Please? Thank you very much and stuff and I hope you doing Laura deceiving. 

CLIENT: I will be want to just get straight now. 

AGENT: Yeah let's try to straighten this out for you but these are you talking about the the email that we sent you on the month of July the second is. 

CLIENT: Yes, your cellphone. 

AGENT: Because I'm not showing anything like that, that's reason I'm asking you. 

CLIENT: Well, that's the reason I'm asking you because it showed of my gmail account and it's says it's from you and that I don't have that page open right now, but it said something to the effect that your Citi card is the transaction on your card in excess of your limit has been made or something on. The fact, the date of the email was a second I can tell what the date of the transaction might have been that was you can call. 

AGENT: Oh no, no it must. It must be a scam sir. I don't think so because you know this is the new when you open up on just open couple of months back and I then again, you know we sent you your first bill to you last month on June 14th. It had a balance of $486.23 on which eventually updated on July fifth to us. So you are still have like a you know credit and I have 3500 and the available of 20098186 to spend on the car. 

CLIENT: Okay, so you know that like I said that and then email smoked wanted to do and you got a secure connection. I wasn't able to get investigator myself. So love thanks for your help. 

AGENT: It's mine service act with you have any other questions. 

CLIENT: You know and then thanks. 

AGENT: Are welcome sir and thank you for calling you have a great day. 

|100113 
