AGENT: He work from the customer service in Kentucky. My name is Shawn and can I have your account number. 

CLIENT: I can't. 

AGENT: Okay. 

CLIENT: Must be having a lot of call mortgage. 

AGENT: Oh yes. 

CLIENT: Okay, yeah, that's. 

AGENT: And your name pulling up the account right now and the last four of your social security number and your date of birth and would you also just verify for me your address and phone number. Okay. Okay and phone number. 

CLIENT: I don't know that you want on there. That's that was so. 

AGENT: And actually what we have here. 

CLIENT: I think. 

AGENT: Okay great. 

CLIENT: And we got my phone phone number is not in. 

AGENT: Will get your account pulled up and I she did a payment of 2000. How can I help you today? 

CLIENT: I was wonder if I can add a card to this account. 

AGENT: Yeah, do you already know what the cost of membership is for your added user. 

CLIENT: Yes, my my husband is also on my past due account but for some reason the majority of the credit card paperwork they didn't send him a credit card. 

AGENT: Okay do you know. 

CLIENT: I mean just to rent a house. 

AGENT: Okay, I'm we can definitely add I if you add an authorized user, because you must be charges made her about by zim they can get a count you must tell them that we made report account performance of the credit bureaus in their name before you asked them you need their permission information about them in the last year with others had an authorized user. 

CLIENT: Yes, please. 

AGENT: And his first name. 

CLIENT: Thing last name same address. 

AGENT: A middle initial. 

CLIENT: If you need to. 

AGENT: I will I just the last four of the social. And his date of birth. Okay, and then what is his class to hide the membership number. 

CLIENT: If you have you don't have to call yes, give me a car. 

AGENT: You want to go. 

CLIENT: Well, no, we're not we're not home. We are you give me more. 

AGENT: It's. 

CLIENT: The same as mine. 

AGENT: Now, it's a separate one. 

CLIENT: Oh shoot, we have no idea. 

AGENT: I can give you the number for the warehouse if you wanna call to the warehouse and get it. You can give us a call back and we can get it out it. 

CLIENT: Oh, that's okay. I'll do it later. Thank you. 

AGENT: If you just wanna get home and he just you know find it give us a call we could put it right on that card out and we need to. 

CLIENT: Okay that be great. 

AGENT: Okay. If that just give us a call back whenever you're done and you have a good time. It is zero by the way. Bruce. 

|100111 
