AGENT: Welcome to City customer service. My name is the start and I think you'll need. Thank you Lisa, how are you today. C a calling to talk to your dividend was a card for security can you please confirm the primary account owner is 49. To give me one moment. Thank you for calling for security it with the automated system, how may help you today. 

CLIENT: Like to try to schedule going on vacation. 

AGENT: I don't know. 

CLIENT: And but I've I forgot one place and so they wouldn't. 

AGENT: Not a problem. I did I did you got to help you with that the base a request for a last guy in Canada. This would be from July the 17th until July. The 28th is that right. Okay, so you would want to add one more place I'm ready. 

CLIENT: First places in Canada. 

AGENT: I receive already basic Vigil. Canada, so the entire County know would would be taken care of now. 

CLIENT: Okay, cause cause they said, you know they wanna you know the Prada and so I told him you can and then. 

AGENT: Oh, okay, it's I don't don't you already have and then that's already there on the account let me quickly check this for you give me one minute. Yep Center. I Canada is taken care off. I'm it's Monday because this is anything else. We can help you with alright. Thank you great. So you wanna come in before we hang up now. I'm I just wanted to inform you as you would be traveling to make sure you add like the Morton to talk to you and you as dollars this way you want to save on the 20% voting tons action fee that would be applicable on your account if the merchant. 

CLIENT: Oh, okay. 

AGENT: That's right if they charge you and have a look we've got and see there would be a 20% and affording friends action fee that was Philip on your account, but you can save that. Okay. Also make the make a note of the phone number on the back of your card you can call us connect and Casey lose your card or none of the something wrong with your account. Okay. 

CLIENT: Happy to put a cop. 

AGENT: How often that that's really nice. Alright. So the the this you know you got some things that you wanted to inform you about and package is if you consent important times, I can see that you can save on and the phone number beside this anything else. I may help. 

CLIENT: No that's great thank. 

AGENT: You I think you so much for being so kind and polite and thanks for calling today. You have a wonderful trip maam. 

CLIENT: Thank you thanks. 

AGENT: Thank you bye. 

|100105 
